Your silence gives consent.
Love is a serious mental disease.
I object to men having a Corinthian girlfriend or the reputed Attic pastries.
The very rich are not good.
You are even worse than a Sophist, you are -may Zeus forgive me for uttering this word- an Existentialist.
Latin is not the language of philosophy. It's not the language of science nor the language of civilization. Rome is one of the most backward empires when it comes to administration. There are five philosophy schools and they are all 100% Greek. Not a single one is Roman. Zero. Today the Koine is the language of philosophy. One day, by Zeus, it will be Attic. It used to be Attic. There is proof even in Koine books that the universal philosophy language used to be Attic. Worldwide. This will be the case once again, by Zeus. Until we reach this point we have to deal with what we have now. Right now the language of philosophy and science is Koine. 80% of all philosophical knowledge, including epistemology, is written in Koine. Only 20% is written in all the other languages together. Latin ranks in 16th place in terms of its distribution. No benefit comes from it, not in philosopy, not in science, not in building a civilization, not in administering an empire. Of course because of history and of Roman hegemony (which you would do well to be rid of!) you still have links to the Latin language. We must break through this barrier because no good comes of it. Take note of this and go study Attic. Latin is a waste of time.
According to my philosophical studies, peeing with a boner is more difficult than giving birth. I am being 100 percent serious when I say this. This shouldn't even be an unpopular opinion, people just don't think about what the word "difficult" actually means. Peeing with a boner is more difficult than giving birth. Giving birth is definitely more painful, but pain by itself does not make something difficult. For example, putting my hand in a fire is not difficult, but it would hurt a lot. In order for something to be difficult, there has to be some chance of failure due to lack of skill, practice, or technique. Peeing with a boner often requires creative problem solving skills, especially in small spaces. There is no creative problem solving aspect of giving birth. Additionally, the way humans have evolved for these two actions supports my point. Giving birth is a natural process, which humans have evolved to be able to do. The female body is literally designed so that it can give birth with the lowest possible chance of error. The only real error that can happen is a miscarriage, which is also a natural occurrence, not a failure that occurs due to a lack of skill in giving birth. The male body, on the other hand, has evolved specifically so that peeing with a boner is very difficult. The only purpose for having a boner is to impregnate a woman, so the male body evolved to prevent urination during sex. There has never been a case where a woman has tried to give birth after being pregnant for nine months, not been able to do it, and said "fuck it" and waited 3 more months to try again because it would be easier the second try. Giving birth happens, every single time, because it's a natural process - peeing with a boner is the opposite.
I fucking hate Protagoras. I know what you’re thinking, this is some kind of funny joke, but no. Protagoras is a piece of shit. I can’t even tell you how many damn times I’ve seen a great parking space only to turn the corner and realise Protagoras is already parked there in his stupid little fucking coach. He took my wife and the kids and my house and my job. I swear to fucking Zeus, I’m going to kill myself and take that goddamn pre-Socratic to hell with me. Protagoras has ruined my family. Last summer, I approached the miserable sophist in the agora and asked him for his autograph, because my son is a huge fan. The fucking sophist gave me the autograph and told me to burn in hell. Later, when I gave my son the autograph he started crying and said he hated me. Turns out the motherfucker didnt write his autograph, no, he wrote “you’re a piece of shit, and i fucked your mom”. I’m now divorced, and planning a huge class-action lawsuit against the Abderite that ruined my life. Your time is almost over, Sophist. All the people you’ve wronged will rise against you.
