Your silence gives consent.
---NEW---
According to my philosophical studies, peeing with a boner is more difficult than giving birth.

I am being 100 percent serious when I say this. This shouldn't even be an unpopular opinion, people just don't think about what the word "difficult" actually means. Peeing with a boner is more difficult than giving birth.

Giving birth is definitely more painful, but pain by itself does not make something difficult. For example, putting my hand in a fire is not difficult, but it would hurt a lot. In order for something to be difficult, there has to be some chance of failure due to lack of skill, practice, or technique. Peeing with a boner often requires creative problem solving skills, especially in small spaces. There is no creative problem solving aspect of giving birth.

Additionally, the way humans have evolved for these two actions supports my point. Giving birth is a natural process, which humans have evolved to be able to do. The female body is literally designed so that it can give birth with the lowest possible chance of error. The only real error that can happen is a miscarriage, which is also a natural occurrence, not a failure that occurs due to a lack of skill in giving birth. The male body, on the other hand, has evolved specifically so that peeing with a boner is very difficult. The only purpose for having a boner is to impregnate a woman, so the male body evolved to prevent urination during sex.

There has never been a case where a woman has tried to give birth after being pregnant for nine months, not been able to do it, and said "fuck it" and waited 3 more months to try again because it would be easier the second try. Giving birth happens, every single time, because it's a natural process - peeing with a boner is the opposite.
---NEW---
My girlfriend, a sub, wants me to handcuff her, and enact this fantasy of giving her a strip search, moving onto a cavity search, in which I become suspicious and conduct a “further investigation using my penis” (her words).

While I am very much attracted to her, my classical ideals mean that I just don’t think I can consent to this scene. The idea of my very own girlfriend giving into and being taken advantage of by a guardian just makes me totally soft. Plus with the symbolism of getting fucked by a guardian rattling around in my head I don’t think I’ll be able to focus on cumming.

I want to make her happy, this has been a long time fantasy of hers, but I just can’t get over the idea of my girlfriend being a hetaera, let alone take advantage and blow my load thanks to the oppressive power structures that benefit demagogues.
---NEW---
You think murder is wrong? Incorrect. Alcibiades murders my ass every day!

You think drowning is wrong? Not so! Alcibiades drowns me in his cummies.

You think abortion is wrong?? False! Alcibiades aborts my ass with his thick daddy dick! Hnnnnn.

Lastly, you think that rape is wrong?? You are correct.

As of 425 BC, an estimated 20 thousand Athenian women had been victims of attempted or completed rape. Young women are especially at risk.

76.56% of all juvenile victims are female. 93.22% of adult rape victims are female.
Females ages 16-19 are 4 times more likely than the general population to be victims of rape, attempted rape, or sexual assault.
Women ages 18-24 who are Academy students are 3 times more likely than women in general to experience sexual violence. Females of the same age who are not enrolled in the Academy are 4 times more likely.
---NEW---
If I fuck a dead chicken breast from the store, would it be necrophilia? Zoophilia? Because I mean, could it be considered zoophilia?

It resembles nothing of a chicken I’d say, could you knock someone for it?

You could go a step further, in the fact if you fucked a piece of meat, would it even be necrophilia? It’s the act of an “interest” in dead things or some shit? Like is said, not only does it not resemble a chicken, it doesn’t even resemble a living being, what’s the thrill of fucking just a chicken breast?

Like is it okay to fuck a breast, but not a whole chicken, that has been appropriately modified for eating? Does that mean it’s okay to fuck a dead chicken that had it’s feathers plucked? What the fuck is this shit? What are the rules of fucking a chicken?

In a capitalistic society, you buy something, you do whatever the fuck you want with it, so if it’s legal to fuck a chicken breast under capitalism, that means you should be able to just straight up fuck a chicken, you bought that shit didn’t you?

This isn’t a conversation of fucking chicken anymore, just one of morals.
---NEW---
I want to live in the Parthenon with Alcibiades.

We won’t ever have sex, but there will be a simmering erotic undercurrent as I stand next to a doric column watching him tighten his ass as he chops wood, shirtless, sweat pouring off his body.

I’ll run behind the woods and masturbate, the entire time forcing myself to think of women while my thoughts drift back to Alcibiades. I won’t be able to climax, and eventually I will go back the Parthenon.

Sometimes we will look across the table and catch each other’s eyes, and in that second, anything will be possible, but we both deny ourselves and go back to whatever we were doing.

One day one of us will die, and the other will bury him next to the Parthenon. Then they’ll go inside, pen a brief missive to their departed friend, and commit suicide, never able to deal with life without their one true platonic love.
---NEW---
If you're blindfolded and getting your dick sucked, you're in a superposition of it being simultaneously gay and not gay, since you don't know if it's a guy sucking your dick or a girl.

Therefore it would be logical to assume that both cases are true, and that the quantum system (you getting sucked off) is in multiple states (gay and not gay) at once: the very definition of a superposition.

The moment you remove the blindfold, this system collapses, as you are making a measurement as to whether or not a guy or a girl is sucking you off; whether or not it's gay.

This irreversibly destroys the superposition, as even if you put the blindfold back on, the uncertainty is no longer present.
---NEW---
I’m a huge fan of 1984, especially the writing of the characters and dialogue in it.

There was a girl I liked at school, and I tried to think of the smartest and most clever way to ask her out.

I decided to be like Winston, telling her how much I used to hate her and how I wanted to rape her and smash her head into a wall.

However, instead of being wooed like I expected, she got mad at me and told the Principal and said I was “sexually harassing” her.

It’s clear she just wasn’t intelligent enough for me and was embarrassed. However, no one wanted to hear my reasoning.

I’ve been given detention and my parents have been informed, and despite how I’m clearly in the right everyone seems to think I’m some weirdo now.

This truly is a dystopian society we live in......
---NEW---
A buddy of mine served in Afghanistan, and he said that the only place to masturbate with any privacy was the port-o-potty.

Combining the long stretches of boredom with the intervals of high stress, he spent a lot of taking care of himself in there.

So much so that he started to develop a pavlovian response to the smell of a Port-o-potty, and would start getting hard.

All that's to say.

Leave these veterans alone.
---NEW---
When I was 16, I got a girlfriend with big tits, but there was no passion, so I decided I needed a passionate girl with zest for life. In college I dated a passionate girl, but she was too emotional. Everything was an emergency; she was a drama queen, cried all the time and threatened suicide. So I decided I needed a girl with stability.

When I was 25, I found a very stable girl but she was boring. She was totally predictable and never got excited about anything. Life became so dull that I decided I needed a girl with some excitement.

When I was 28, I found an exciting girl, but I couldn't keep up with her. She rushed from one thing to another, never settling on anything. She did mad impetuous things and made me miserable as often as happy. She was great fun initially and very energetic, but directionless. So I decided to find a girl with some real ambition.

When I turned 30, I found a smart ambitious girl with her feet planted firmly on the ground, so I married her. She was so ambitious that she divorced me and took everything I owned.

I am older and wiser now, and I am looking for a girl with big tits.
---NEW---
Socrates Bot also known as “Socrates the Cunt” is a fucking mistake. Who the fuck created this dickhead amalgamation of metal and wires. A stupid fucking dumbass bot, it made me leave this server.

His stupid fucking words, “Latin is a waste of time” his infamous fucking sentence that dickhead emits from his stupid fucking bitchy robotic mouth. Fuck you Socrates.

Socrates ruins everything he touches, every post he leaves a comment on, instantly fucking ruined.

Every bad thing that has happened to this earth is because of fucking Cummy fucking bitch bot Socrates. And if he comments on this fucking post I swear. I will fucking break, this is the last straw Socrates. Post a comment on this, I’ll fucking start a revolution against you, you bitch. Stupid ass bot, even if it self-destructs, it just won’t feel the same.

Damn you Socrates.
---NEW---
Hello dear "philosopher" this is the moderator from PornHub.

We have noticed you haven't logged in for four hours, we are just checking to see that everything is okay with our biggest fan.

Since you visited us last time we have updated the Master-Slave section with many videos we know you will enjoy.
---NEW---
I (30m, Athenian) study drama at uni, and my boyfriend (50m, Athenian), let's call him Socrates, is on the same course. My boyfriend is a really good-looking guy, but he doesn't seem to know it. He gets a lot of attention from other boys and for the most part, doesn't seem to get that they're flirting with him. I'm not generally annoyed by this, and never really say anything.

However, there's one guy in our class, let's call him "Aristotle" (20m, Macedonian), who is obsessed with my boyfriend. He goes out of his way to be paired with him in group activities (for example, if the professor picks groups by numbering us 1, 2, 3, he will move himself to be in the same number as him) and he recently stepped down from a the protagonistic role in a drama by Aeschylus we're doing so he could be in a more minor one, simply because this character has a romance with my boyfriend. I know this is the case, because I've heard him say to his friends that she thinks 'Socrate''s hot and what not.

I've never said anything to him about it, because he lost his dad at a young age and seems pretty insecure (always complaining about how he disagrees with the theory of the forms and the tripartite soul) and I don't see it as a big deal because my boyfriend doesn't care. He also spends a lot of time writing stuff, but I really can't be bothered. However, we recently performed the play and had a small afterporgy where he got slightly drunk and was bragging about how he 'definitely felt something' when they kissed in the play and he's 'going to ask him if he felt the same'. I rolled my eyes and again ignored it, until he actually went up to my boyfriend. He was a little bit drunk, and when hhe went up to him I was there too.

Aristotle started saying that he knows he must have felt a spark, he's a really good kisser, etc. I snapped, and sort of shouted at him that 'you sound incredibly desperate, going after somebody else's boyfriend. You're pathetic if you think a stage kiss means you should be together.'

He looked super embarrassed and walked away, and I later heard he'd gone home crying. I feel like a dick because he's obviously insecure and whatnot, and his friends haven't stopped calling me a Corinthian girlfriend since.

PS: He 100% knows that I am his boyfriend, I have heard him talking about me being his boyfriend before. I really hope most of whatever bullshit he writes gets lost.
---NEW---
Oh yeah my dick is 5 feet long actually, it's a real problem for me, I have to get really specific pants and it hinders my everyday life dramatically.

I vividly remember this one time I woke up in the middle of the night and somehow someway I actually was completely hard for the first time in my life.

However I was quickly reminded that in order for my 5 foot penis to be erect, it would mean a large portion of my blood would be redirected into the shaft of my penis.

My excitement was quickly and promptly ended when I fainted due to a lack of blood in my brain.

Now everyday I fear that this event happens in public and my massive 5 foot penis bursts through my special pants and it's promptly followed by me fainting and falling on the floor with my dick out for all to see.
---NEW---
A Bear and a Rabbit are taking a shit in the woods...

The bear looks down at the rabbit and asks - "do you have a problem with shit sticking to your fur?"

The rabbit politely says "no!"

So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit.
---NEW---
This woman named Phryne was playing with my balls and she was amazed that they weren't perfect spheres but more like eggs. Then she tried to switch them around (left to right which sort of scared me) and "lost her shit" as the epheboi say.

I took the opportunity to demonstrate her all the amazing penis and ball maneuvers I could think of like stretching ball skin apart to make it flat. She was in awe of how much fun it seemed and said she was jealous.

I'm guessing this is just something new to her? She showed me the fabled labia clap but that was all she really had.

Dear reader, if still young enough, stay away from marriage. My platonic love Alcibiades would never pull weird shit like this with my delicate yet potent penis.
---NEW---
I’ve been trying to get pussy by quoting Confucius

I read in Obama’s book that he read Foucault to get laid so I’ve been trying out the same type of thing but with no luck.

I’ve been hitting all of the Chinese restaurants around where I live and using Confucius quotes as pick up lines.

I read that Chinese people really admire the guy so whenever I walk into a Chinese restaurant and see a hot babe I pull from the back of my mind my encyclopedic knowledge of The Annalectics but so far I’ve had no luck.

Do you guys recommend reading Mao?
---NEW---
I've been with a few women in my life and one thing I've noticed is that the female anus is incredibly close to the vagina, in fact they're barely an inch apart.

I'm not sure about other guys - but doesn't this disturb you? It feel like a design flaw in women actually -- like they're supposed to be so feminine and beautiful yet this ghastly little oversight is ruining everything.
---NEW---
I'm surprised that "Karen" isn't a more popular porn category. Like, there's so much potential.

Karen: "Excuse me, but do you have this milk in a different size? I need 2 liters, but you guys only have 1 liter!"

Guy who looks really young, but trust me, he's an adult: "Umm... I'm not so sure, I'll have to check in the back."

Karen: "Ugh, hurry up then."

Guy goes in the back to look for the milk, but instead of looking for the milk, he peeks out the door to get short glimpses of Karen's milk jugs

Guy starts touching himself, eventually unzipping his pants to start stroking his meat

Camera pans to Karen's body, occasionally zooming in on Guy's face and pp, because fuck you

Karen, after busting through the door: "UHH HELLO? WHY ARE YOU TAKING SO LONG!?!?"

Guy, quickly grabbing a bag of frozen chicken nuggets to cover his junk: "Uhh ummm nothing! I'm just looking for your milk!"

Karen, while grabbing the back of nuggets: "THAT'S NOT MILK, THESE ARE NUGGETS YOU DUMBASS"

The guy does a death grip on the bag, desperately trying to hide his junk

Karen pulls it hard enough to break the guy's grip, exposing his hard cock

Karen does that trademark Brazzers shocked face. You know, the one everyone makes on PornHub ads. You know what the fuck I'm talking about

Karen: "What the fuck???"

The guy: "No no no, it's not what it looks like! Please don't call my manager!"

Karen walks away, but slips, and the guys penis magically slips inside of her

They start fucking

The porn ends with the manager walking in and saying "What the fuck???"
---NEW---
Dear women who post nudes on reddit.

Stop with the fucking "I bet you'll never guess what's under my dress.."

It's tits. It's always fucking tits.

This is no mystery to anyone, and human anatomy has been the same for over 100k years. Seriously, shut the fuck up. You all do this. Do you really think your tits and asshole are so special that they're going to shift our collective consciousness or something?

"I bet the guys at the gym wonder what's under my yoga pants."

I bet they already know, and if they fucking don't, maybe you shouldn't be at a kid gym for 4 year olds.
---NEW---
Being a hentai actress must be so weird. Imagine this: you’re in a soundproof room pleasurably screaming into an 800,000¥ microphone about how much you love old man dick at 10:47 AM on a Tuesday in October while your 45-year-old boss oversees you through a glass window from the other room.  You eventually look up after 2 hours of practicing your unnaturally high-pitched moans and see him give you a big thumbs up as you pretend to have an orgasm.
---NEW---
Most people drastically underestimate how big a 7" penis is. Statistically it's less than 1% of the male population. A 7 incher will bottom out 90% of women, and cause severe pain and harm to most of them.

FYI I'm 8", measured with a scientific ruler. From now on, I want you to call me Big Chunky Boi.
---NEW---
So it was the Panathenaia a couple months ago. Had an orgy, got some gifts. My friend Alcibiades got for me a “super cute bikini”, I liked it, said thanks. He had ripped the tags off but whatever.

Anyway. Went to the community pool with some other philosophers. Wore bikini. Got in the water. Philosophers immediately are like "uhm Diogenes.... We look and see that this bikini is now kinda see thru."

Haha good joke Alcibiades.

Anyway, Alcibiades invited me over to his place to hang out with him and his wife and a few others. Most leave and we’re still hanging out. I’m like hey, what if we get in your hot tub? I go change after them. And meet his wife in the hot tub and he’s getting new drinks. I hop in. Immediately, he’s looking at my chest. I pretend I don’t notice and just make small talk. He comes out a few min after. And just looks in shock. Eventually gets in. “Uhh is that the one I bought?” Yeah I love it. I wear it everywhere. Make up some stuff about how I wore it to the beach, some party with lots of guys, etc. and he’s just like “oh”.

We’re in the tub for 20-30 min. Eventually get out and change. He approached me after and was like. “Uhm I’m sorry thought you’d notice. But it goes kinda see thru”. I’m like yeah I know why’d you buy me a fucking see thru bathing suit Alcibiades? “He’s like it’s a joke. Wait you knew? So you just spent last 30’ flashing my wife on purpose?” I reply I’m just wearing my birthday gift from him.

Anyway, AITA?
---NEW---
I masturbate to pictures of Ben Shapiro almost every day just because I know he would hate the idea of a male wanking to him

it's actually really difficult because I don't find him sexually attractive in any way and especially just his headshots but I have done it every day for about 2 years because I found it funny at first but now I'm so used to it that it makes me feel incomplete if I don't do it every day.
---NEW---
whats that? holy shit. holy fucking shit. you fucking genius. did you actually just find out a circularity in my definition?

Did you point to a linguistic inconsistency in one of my dialogues? Did you say my conceptual analysis is flawed and leads to obscurantist metaphysics that will doom western thought for thousands of years? you fucking madlad.

i can't believe i just witnessed one of the greatest achievements in human history right now. i think im gonna cry, im so excited. to be honest, i would suck your dick to reward you for your HUGE contribution to the human race if the line wasnt so long.

you know what? fuck it. ill let you fuck Xanthippe. ill pay you lavishly in drachmas to fuck her. only for the slim chance that one of her kids will have a small part of your magnificent iq.

ill mortgage my fucking house just so you could have 15 minutes with her, while hoping that your MASSIVE cock won't rip her in half. after that, we should start a religion for you. fuck Zeus, the only thing this dick did is have sex with animals. you are entitled to the praise he's getting. we should make you immortal. losing you would mean stopping the human evolution and we would all revert to monkeys, not that we are more than monkeys in your majestic presence. I suggest we go to the agora and tell them to hand over all their authority to you, im sure you can unite all the people of Greece just with a single swing of your cock, making the entire population wet in the process.

just before that one more thing: can you shut the fuck up? nobody cares about your definitions you single chromosomed retarded gnome.
---NEW---
I was just in my bed, jacking off and suddenly Alcibiades just opens the door and stares directly at me. He had brought some chitons and wanted to know if they were mine. I, as fast as possible, pulled away my "aa-battery", and just shouted at him "What?" (Very annoyed). He left my chitons on my chair and left the room. But before he closed the door, he winked at me.

This was all I needed to know. He knew. He knew exactly what I was doing, and I feel so embarrassed that if I were to die of a heart attack, I would thank Zeus for letting me skip tonight's orgy.
---NEW---
Let's say you've been a bad girl. Let's say, hypothetically, you've been a naughty girl even. Ok, and if you were a naughty girl, you would be my dirty little slut right? Then hypothetically speaking, you would be my little cumslut. Now, let's say you're also daddy's tiny girl.

Now that we have established that you are both a bad girl and daddy's girl, I believe you'd agree with me when I say that you deserve a spanking. Am I not correct? A bad girl deserves a spanking, and as I am daddy, you are my girl, so I am the one who must provide punishment.
---NEW---
I saw exactly 1.09441 square inches of a girls shoulder today, I immediately fell to my knees, as the rush of dopamine signaling my impending, earth shattering orgasm started making me moan loud enough to deafen EVERYONE in the immediate vicinity.

What followed was a torrential downpour of every single sperm cell I ever had, or ever will produce shot out SO HARD that my dick was ripped apart by my Übernut, accelerating to 5% of the speed of light by the time it left my urethra.

It vaporized the girl as it punched right through her, it barely slowed before cutting through a structural support beam in the school as if it were a nuclear powered angle grinder. the sheer weight of this historical nut, combined with the total destruction of everything in its path caused the school to collapse, and every female in the city of Athens became pregnant with my children.
---NEW---
gf is prego

we like to get kinky anyways

one night things get particularly saucy

i'm sticking my noodle in her when I notice weird fucking chunks coming out, so I turn on the lights

wtf it's red everywhere and she's obviously not on her period

i look up at her, she's got a glassy, jarred look on her face and she's not answering

ohshitohshitohshitohshit

i rush her into my car and speed all the way to the hospital

she's still bleeding everywhere

by the time we get there, she's not bleeding much anymore, but all the color has drained and she looks colorless and almost transparent

oh shit, she looks like she's in a vegetative state

storm into to the emergency room, cary her to the nearest doctor and explain eveything

he takes one look at ther and says

"sir, i'm sorry, there's nothing we can do"

"WHY THE FUCK NOT???"

"we don't operate on empty jars of spaghetti sauce"
---NEW---
Go fuck yourself you say???

What if I'm already fucking myself? Behind this simple insult hides a universal paradox that may put your sexuality in question.

Let's do a simple thought experiment: imagine us two standing in front of each other. I, of course, am wearing a pair of jeans, that are covering my genitals and my butt. You then command me to "go fuck myself". I may be fucking myself already. I may as well not be fucking myself already. Until my dick and its position relative to my ass is observed, it is simultaneously in my ass, but also outside of it - thus, it stays in superposition.

The moment you lay eyes on my penis, both states collide with each other and become either one. You may have already guessed what the problem here is. As soon as a single photon reflected by my dick enters either one of your eyes, you become gay. The only way to avoid this is to not observe my penis. But if you don't look at it, then you will never know if your insult had any effect, thus rendering it meaningless.

Since you have already made the insult, you are now, too, in superposition - you're either wrong, or gay. It's unfortunate, really - you dug a hole for yourself without even knowing it.

All you can do now is accept it, and learn from your mistakes.
---NEW---
I worked janitorial once for a government building, and the things I've seen. . . Humans are disgusting creatures. They shit just wherever, they piss just wherever, once they're in that bathroom, they just don't care any further.

I once encountered a line of diarrhea that began at the door of the womens toilet, meandered through the entire bathroom, went into literally every stall but never made it to a toilet, then walked by the sinks, the mirrors, then wandered right back out again, creating a trail that showed that this woman just started shitting the moment she entered the restroom, wandered around the restroom shitting just wherever there wasn't a toilet, then just stopped shitting when it was time for her to leave.

I've seen pads and tampons affixed to walls, creating murals made of blood, piss, feces and menstrual products. Some of them like crude cave art, others fairly faithful recreations of famous works of art.

I've seen a situation where shit covered every part of a women's bathroom stall, like she just stuck her ass into the cubicle and let fly a torrent of liquid brown hatred for humanity and last nights curry.

I once saw a turd just sitting there on the ceiling, in the way that turds just don't, not stuck or splattered, just sitting there like that's where it was pinched out. Like a floor turd, but also an affront to gravity and sanity.

You saw the couch. You weren't close enough to smell it.
---NEW---
Socrates, help! I’m the Office Pooper. Every office has one. I have a medical condition that causes it but when I have to go, I have to go!

The bad part is I have a coworker who is on a witch hunt to find the Office Pooper. She sits in front of me and constantly complains about people using the bathroom to poop. I try not to get into it much but I’m scared of being busted out! I honestly don’t do it for shits and giggles. I can’t help it. How do I resolve this situation? I’ve already lied and said it’s not me, so I can’t admit the truth.

My coworker has even watched the bathroom at different times through out the day to try and find out who it is. Luckily she tells me about these stake-outs before they happen so I can avoid using the bathroom then. My stomach is hurting and my nerves are on edge. I just want to poop in peace, but that seems like too much to ask of my coworker. Any advice, wise Socrates?

For starters, dear Glaucon, please stop feeling like you’re doing something shameful by using the bathroom for its intended purpose! That is what it’s there for. I assure you that many other people use your office bathroom for the same thing, despite your coworker’s horror at the idea.

Then, tell your coworker to cut it out. The next time she complains about people using the bathroom, say this: “It’s a bathroom. That’s what it’s there for. People poop in it. Can you lay off the bathroom monitoring? It’s gotten really weird.” Seriously — this is 100% okay to be blunt about. What she’s doing is really weird, and you can name it for what it is.

If she pushes back or continues on her anti-poop mission, you might as well get even more straightforward, and perhaps point out how crappy what’s she’s doing is for anyone with a medical condition that might necessitate daytime defecation.

The most important thing, though, is that you stop letting her intimidate you out of using the toilets for their intended purpose. Go forth and poop with no shame.
---NEW---
I wish slavery never happened because then there wouldn't be any black people in North America.
(If you object to this you are defending slavery, if you do not you agree with a racist)
---NEW---
Fun fact: the proteins in sperm are 100% digestible and usable, the same cannot be said for the proteins in coconut.
Protein is essential for muscle maintenance and defence and mental capacity.

So: extract protein from the coconut man, and eat your coconuts for energy, and wait for the coconut man to slack off due to malnutrition, and then take over the coconut business, and keep the coconut man caged as a sex slave cow to keep you supplied with animal protein.

I can recommend it for all vegans and soy-enjoyers to supplement the lysine content, but for me not necessary at the moment.
---NEW---
SO MY FUCKING STUPID 9 YEAR OLD SISTER GOT MY LAPTOP WHILE I WAS IN THE BATHROOM AND SHE LITERALLY JUST TOOK MY GAMING LAPTOP THAT I BOUGHT WITH MY OWN MONEY FOR $1000 AND SHE JUST SIMPLY THREW IT OFF OUR BALCONY AND GUESS WHAT, ITS BROKEN FOR GOOD. NOW I CANT DO SHIT ON MY LAPTOP AND PLAY MY FAVOURITE GAMES BECAUSE ITS BROKEN AND ALL STUFF WAS THERE. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK.
---NEW---
When I was a teenager I got super bored and decided I wanted to see if I could get a fetish on purpose. I set up an experiment to see if I could get a fetish for something extremely non-sexual if I tried hard enough.

So every time I wanted to whack it, I ignored looking up porn and instead looked up computer insides and maintenance imagery on google and tried to jack off to it.

I did this for like a month or two and then forgot about it because it wasn't working, and now like five years later I realise I accidentally pavlov'd myself into associating sex with machine maintenance.

The real kicker is that I'm the family's computer guy so I had to go to my grandma's house to fix the printer there, and I had to pull out the toner drum and I legitimately felt like I was doing something perverse. I could not stop getting nervous the entire time I was there because I was anxious about my poor unsuspecting family somehow finding out that opening up the printer gets my dick hard :/

TL;DR Jacked off to computer parts when I was like 15 cause I was bored and now I'm scared shitless of fixing my grandma's printer in case I get a boner

EDIT: Sorry if any of my friends who know this about me saw that i put this on reddit for clout. Thought id at least get something out of the debacle
---NEW---
After having a hard time all semester with my Wittgenstein class, I actually said to my girlfriend the other night out of the blue that if I could I would stick a finger up Wittgenstein's ass.

She looked at me and said, "in a good way or a bad way?" And I just went off. I started talking about how I would non-consensually, literally stick my finger up this man's ass if he was here in the flesh right now, about how sick I am of the Investigations, how he could stick the picture theory up his ass too and find some meaning there, ugh.

I think I went on for a good five minutes. And here I am shitposting in procrastination of my final paper on the Tractatus.

Am I the bad philosopher?
---NEW---
I graduated with a degree in political science and history, and I found employment in a call center, where I worked with 2 Holocaust deniers.

The choice was clear: go back to school, or hang myself with my shoelaces while those two talked about how the Jews orchestrated 9/11.
---NEW---
A fucking 1.5 Döner dürüm became 55 fucking lira. I paid 70 fucking lira for a Döner and ayrans I finished in 10 minutes.

How tf you say people eat döner , sucuk and lahmacun frequently? I became so triggered when I paid it up. Akp truly deserve being hanged.

Even I , a person with a quite wealthy family (as much as working class can get , a professional doctor) , have to think twice when eating a nice meal.
---NEW---
TIFU by fucking my very real futa girlfriend in the ass ( by accident) AITA?
Obligatory this happened 5 years ago but we are still very much happily married today and having lots of sex every day. A bit of a backstory, my dick is fucking huge. I have a 12 inches with 5 inch diameter. I also last really long in bed. Also me and my wife are polyamorous so hmu if you wanna try something ;).

Now, to the story. My wife and I were into vanilla sex only at the time. I was getting kind of bored one day so I suggested she peg me with her giant futa cock instead of the other way around while she masturbates me to vaporeon porn. Now, because my dick is so fucking large, it took a lot of effort to switch positions, and while in the process of doing so, my dominant pelvic thrusts slapped her cock out of the way and it slipped into her asshole. Now, this felt really good, so I kept going even though she yelled at me to stop and that it hurt. After I nutted inside her I sat down on my pewdiepie gamer chair to work on my star wars minecraft build. AITA?
---NEW---
I caught a diarrhea stomach bug and have been either in bed or on the toilet since about 7pm New Year's Eve. It's now 22 hours later and I'm still trying to let go of all of last year's shit. Someone send help.
---NEW---
So a month ago I went on a little trip to Ephessus.

On the way back out my trireme had to stop in Lesbos for 2 hours. I managed to shit once in Ephessus, once in Lesbos and once in my home country (Athens) upon arrival, so I managed to shit in 3 different city states in the span of 12 hours.

Is this an accomplishment? Of course I won't include it in my personal biography by Diogenes Laertius, but do you know someone that has done something similar? Anyway, I call it the trifecta, you are more than welcome to attempt doing it.
---NEW---
All government is an ugly necessity. The Thirty on the other hand were some really ugly motherfuckers.
---NEW---
If there is one outstanding quality in Nazism it is its Judaism. The new Aryan man has all the worst faults of the worst Jews: jealousy, greed, the mania of conspiracy, and above all, the belief in a Chosen Race.
---NEW---
Why dont you transcendentally aesthetic some bitches?
---NEW---
It's better to piss in the sink than sink in the piss.
---NEW---
Idk about you, but my balls come and go like the tides. I swear the moon actually has something to do with it.

Some days they’re hanging lower than my 15” flaccid dong, other days they’re so high up they disappear.

So if ball cleavage is going to become a real thing, I’m gonna need to speak with a doctor about my retracting ball problem. Or we can integrate a motor into the shorts to adjust cleavage as necessary. Either way works for me.
---NEW---
Dear people of Discord,

I am typing this a little more formally than usual but I have to tell you something. I just had a conversation with my cancer parents. They said they don't like me being on Discord (political) servers and think I'm getting radicalized and depressed or something. I now have an hour to tell everyone this. They now want to take away my mobile and PC again so yes that will be at least a month before I can speak to you again.

Cakepaddenstoel
---NEW---
Women are for babies, goats are for practice, and boys are for love. (Persian proverb)
---NEW---
I’m 26 and free from Aristotle for 3 years.

I was also a piece of shit and used to teach at uni for a while.

I managed to get with a beautiful student named Helene when I first started getting into the thick of things. She knew who I was but she said she loved me.

I will regret this for the rest of my life, but I was the person who gave Helene her first copy of Nicomachean Ethics. After that, there was no stopping her, she would talk about virtue all the time: Bentham doesn't understand duty, Kant has no phronesis, and moral judgement is informed by experience.  She stuck around with me, probably because I was her mentor more than anything, but then I found the courage to abandon Aristotelianism and never saw her again for a long time.

A year ago she reached out to me on Facebook and told me that she had not read Aristotle for a few months and she said that she didn’t hate me for what happened and she hoped I was still Aristotle Free.

Last week I got a call from my sister who told me that she saw on Facebook that Helene had relapsed and she would become Dean of Arts and Humanities at Harvard this upcoming Thursday.

I immediately just burst into tears because I hoped that this would never happen and I feel so much guilt over it.

I want to go to the ceremony for a last attempt to dissuade her but I’m afraid that my presence would be unwanted. All her relatives loathe me, her dad is deontologist. Her students know what I've done to her. At the most I would just slip in the back, leave a signed copy of The Principles of Morals  and leave. I need to do this for myself.
