Your silence gives consent.
---NEW---
According to my philosophical studies, peeing with a boner is more difficult than giving birth.

I am being 100 percent serious when I say this. This shouldn't even be an unpopular opinion, people just don't think about what the word "difficult" actually means. Peeing with a boner is more difficult than giving birth.

Giving birth is definitely more painful, but pain by itself does not make something difficult. For example, putting my hand in a fire is not difficult, but it would hurt a lot. In order for something to be difficult, there has to be some chance of failure due to lack of skill, practice, or technique. Peeing with a boner often requires creative problem solving skills, especially in small spaces. There is no creative problem solving aspect of giving birth.

Additionally, the way humans have evolved for these two actions supports my point. Giving birth is a natural process, which humans have evolved to be able to do. The female body is literally designed so that it can give birth with the lowest possible chance of error. The only real error that can happen is a miscarriage, which is also a natural occurrence, not a failure that occurs due to a lack of skill in giving birth. The male body, on the other hand, has evolved specifically so that peeing with a boner is very difficult. The only purpose for having a boner is to impregnate a woman, so the male body evolved to prevent urination during sex.

There has never been a case where a woman has tried to give birth after being pregnant for nine months, not been able to do it, and said "fuck it" and waited 3 more months to try again because it would be easier the second try. Giving birth happens, every single time, because it's a natural process - peeing with a boner is the opposite.
---NEW---
My girlfriend, a sub, wants me to handcuff her, and enact this fantasy of giving her a strip search, moving onto a cavity search, in which I become suspicious and conduct a “further investigation using my penis” (her words).

While I am very much attracted to her, my classical ideals mean that I just don’t think I can consent to this scene. The idea of my very own girlfriend giving into and being taken advantage of by a guardian just makes me totally soft. Plus with the symbolism of getting fucked by a guardian rattling around in my head I don’t think I’ll be able to focus on cumming.

I want to make her happy, this has been a long time fantasy of hers, but I just can’t get over the idea of my girlfriend being a hetaera, let alone take advantage and blow my load thanks to the oppressive power structures that benefit demagogues.
---NEW---
You think murder is wrong? Incorrect. Alcibiades murders my ass every day!

You think drowning is wrong? Not so! Alcibiades drowns me in his cummies.

You think abortion is wrong?? False! Alcibiades aborts my ass with his thick daddy dick! Hnnnnn.

Lastly, you think that rape is wrong?? You are correct.

As of 425 BC, an estimated 20 thousand Athenian women had been victims of attempted or completed rape. Young women are especially at risk.

76.56% of all juvenile victims are female. 93.22% of adult rape victims are female.
Females ages 16-19 are 4 times more likely than the general population to be victims of rape, attempted rape, or sexual assault.
Women ages 18-24 who are Academy students are 3 times more likely than women in general to experience sexual violence. Females of the same age who are not enrolled in the Academy are 4 times more likely.
---NEW---
If I fuck a dead chicken breast from the store, would it be necrophilia? Zoophilia? Because I mean, could it be considered zoophilia?

It resembles nothing of a chicken I’d say, could you knock someone for it?

You could go a step further, in the fact if you fucked a piece of meat, would it even be necrophilia? It’s the act of an “interest” in dead things or some shit? Like is said, not only does it not resemble a chicken, it doesn’t even resemble a living being, what’s the thrill of fucking just a chicken breast?

Like is it okay to fuck a breast, but not a whole chicken, that has been appropriately modified for eating? Does that mean it’s okay to fuck a dead chicken that had it’s feathers plucked? What the fuck is this shit? What are the rules of fucking a chicken?

In a capitalistic society, you buy something, you do whatever the fuck you want with it, so if it’s legal to fuck a chicken breast under capitalism, that means you should be able to just straight up fuck a chicken, you bought that shit didn’t you?

This isn’t a conversation of fucking chicken anymore, just one of morals.
---NEW---
I want to live in the Parthenon with Alcibiades.

We won’t ever have sex, but there will be a simmering erotic undercurrent as I stand next to a doric column watching him tighten his ass as he chops wood, shirtless, sweat pouring off his body.

I’ll run behind the woods and masturbate, the entire time forcing myself to think of women while my thoughts drift back to Alcibiades. I won’t be able to climax, and eventually I will go back the Parthenon.

Sometimes we will look across the table and catch each other’s eyes, and in that second, anything will be possible, but we both deny ourselves and go back to whatever we were doing.

One day one of us will die, and the other will bury him next to the Parthenon. Then they’ll go inside, pen a brief missive to their departed friend, and commit suicide, never able to deal with life without their one true platonic love.
---NEW---
If you're blindfolded and getting your dick sucked, you're in a superposition of it being simultaneously gay and not gay, since you don't know if it's a guy sucking your dick or a girl.

Therefore it would be logical to assume that both cases are true, and that the quantum system (you getting sucked off) is in multiple states (gay and not gay) at once: the very definition of a superposition.

The moment you remove the blindfold, this system collapses, as you are making a measurement as to whether or not a guy or a girl is sucking you off; whether or not it's gay.

This irreversibly destroys the superposition, as even if you put the blindfold back on, the uncertainty is no longer present.
---NEW---
I’m a huge fan of 1984, especially the writing of the characters and dialogue in it.

There was a girl I liked at school, and I tried to think of the smartest and most clever way to ask her out.

I decided to be like Winston, telling her how much I used to hate her and how I wanted to rape her and smash her head into a wall.

However, instead of being wooed like I expected, she got mad at me and told the Principal and said I was “sexually harassing” her.

It’s clear she just wasn’t intelligent enough for me and was embarrassed. However, no one wanted to hear my reasoning.

I’ve been given detention and my parents have been informed, and despite how I’m clearly in the right everyone seems to think I’m some weirdo now.

This truly is a dystopian society we live in......
---NEW---
A buddy of mine served in Afghanistan, and he said that the only place to masturbate with any privacy was the port-o-potty.

Combining the long stretches of boredom with the intervals of high stress, he spent a lot of taking care of himself in there.

So much so that he started to develop a pavlovian response to the smell of a Port-o-potty, and would start getting hard.

All that's to say.

Leave these veterans alone.
---NEW---
When I was 16, I got a girlfriend with big tits, but there was no passion, so I decided I needed a passionate girl with zest for life. In college I dated a passionate girl, but she was too emotional. Everything was an emergency; she was a drama queen, cried all the time and threatened suicide. So I decided I needed a girl with stability.

When I was 25, I found a very stable girl but she was boring. She was totally predictable and never got excited about anything. Life became so dull that I decided I needed a girl with some excitement.

When I was 28, I found an exciting girl, but I couldn't keep up with her. She rushed from one thing to another, never settling on anything. She did mad impetuous things and made me miserable as often as happy. She was great fun initially and very energetic, but directionless. So I decided to find a girl with some real ambition.

When I turned 30, I found a smart ambitious girl with her feet planted firmly on the ground, so I married her. She was so ambitious that she divorced me and took everything I owned.

I am older and wiser now, and I am looking for a girl with big tits.
---NEW---
Socrates Bot also known as “Socrates the Cunt” is a fucking mistake. Who the fuck created this dickhead amalgamation of metal and wires. A stupid fucking dumbass bot, it made me leave this server.

His stupid fucking words, “Latin is a waste of time” his infamous fucking sentence that dickhead emits from his stupid fucking bitchy robotic mouth. Fuck you Socrates.

Socrates ruins everything he touches, every post he leaves a comment on, instantly fucking ruined.

Every bad thing that has happened to this earth is because of fucking Cummy fucking bitch bot Socrates. And if he comments on this fucking post I swear. I will fucking break, this is the last straw Socrates. Post a comment on this, I’ll fucking start a revolution against you, you bitch. Stupid ass bot, even if it self-destructs, it just won’t feel the same.

Damn you Socrates.
---NEW---
Hello dear "philosopher" this is the moderator from PornHub.

We have noticed you haven't logged in for four hours, we are just checking to see that everything is okay with our biggest fan.

Since you visited us last time we have updated the Master-Slave section with many videos we know you will enjoy.
---NEW---
Oh yeah my dick is 5 feet long actually, it's a real problem for me, I have to get really specific pants and it hinders my everyday life dramatically.

I vividly remember this one time I woke up in the middle of the night and somehow someway I actually was completely hard for the first time in my life.

However I was quickly reminded that in order for my 5 foot penis to be erect, it would mean a large portion of my blood would be redirected into the shaft of my penis.

My excitement was quickly and promptly ended when I fainted due to a lack of blood in my brain.

Now everyday I fear that this event happens in public and my massive 5 foot penis bursts through my special pants and it's promptly followed by me fainting and falling on the floor with my dick out for all to see.
---NEW---
A Bear and a Rabbit are taking a shit in the woods...

The bear looks down at the rabbit and asks - "do you have a problem with shit sticking to your fur?"

The rabbit politely says "no!"

So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit.
---NEW---
This woman named Phryne was playing with my balls and she was amazed that they weren't perfect spheres but more like eggs. Then she tried to switch them around (left to right which sort of scared me) and "lost her shit" as the epheboi say.

I took the opportunity to demonstrate her all the amazing penis and ball maneuvers I could think of like stretching ball skin apart to make it flat. She was in awe of how much fun it seemed and said she was jealous.

I'm guessing this is just something new to her? She showed me the fabled labia clap but that was all she really had.

Dear reader, if still young enough, stay away from marriage. My platonic love Alcibiades would never pull weird shit like this with my delicate yet potent penis.
---NEW---
I’ve been trying to get pussy by quoting Confucius

I read in Obama’s book that he read Foucault to get laid so I’ve been trying out the same type of thing but with no luck.

I’ve been hitting all of the Chinese restaurants around where I live and using Confucius quotes as pick up lines.

I read that Chinese people really admire the guy so whenever I walk into a Chinese restaurant and see a hot babe I pull from the back of my mind my encyclopedic knowledge of The Annalectics but so far I’ve had no luck.

Do you guys recommend reading Mao?
---NEW---
I've been with a few women in my life and one thing I've noticed is that the female anus is incredibly close to the vagina, in fact they're barely an inch apart.

I'm not sure about other guys - but doesn't this disturb you? It feel like a design flaw in women actually -- like they're supposed to be so feminine and beautiful yet this ghastly little oversight is ruining everything.
---NEW---
I'm surprised that "Karen" isn't a more popular porn category. Like, there's so much potential.

Karen: "Excuse me, but do you have this milk in a different size? I need 2 liters, but you guys only have 1 liter!"

Guy who looks really young, but trust me, he's an adult: "Umm... I'm not so sure, I'll have to check in the back."

Karen: "Ugh, hurry up then."

Guy goes in the back to look for the milk, but instead of looking for the milk, he peeks out the door to get short glimpses of Karen's milk jugs

Guy starts touching himself, eventually unzipping his pants to start stroking his meat

Camera pans to Karen's body, occasionally zooming in on Guy's face and pp, because fuck you

Karen, after busting through the door: "UHH HELLO? WHY ARE YOU TAKING SO LONG!?!?"

Guy, quickly grabbing a bag of frozen chicken nuggets to cover his junk: "Uhh ummm nothing! I'm just looking for your milk!"

Karen, while grabbing the back of nuggets: "THAT'S NOT MILK, THESE ARE NUGGETS YOU DUMBASS"

The guy does a death grip on the bag, desperately trying to hide his junk

Karen pulls it hard enough to break the guy's grip, exposing his hard cock

Karen does that trademark Brazzers shocked face. You know, the one everyone makes on PornHub ads. You know what the fuck I'm talking about

Karen: "What the fuck???"

The guy: "No no no, it's not what it looks like! Please don't call my manager!"

Karen walks away, but slips, and the guys penis magically slips inside of her

They start fucking

The porn ends with the manager walking in and saying "What the fuck???"
---NEW---
Dear women who post nudes on reddit.

Stop with the fucking "I bet you'll never guess what's under my dress.."

It's tits. It's always fucking tits.

This is no mystery to anyone, and human anatomy has been the same for over 100k years. Seriously, shut the fuck up. You all do this. Do you really think your tits and asshole are so special that they're going to shift our collective consciousness or something?

"I bet the guys at the gym wonder what's under my yoga pants."

I bet they already know, and if they fucking don't, maybe you shouldn't be at a kid gym for 4 year olds.
---NEW---
Being a hentai actress must be so weird. Imagine this: you’re in a soundproof room pleasurably screaming into an 800,000¥ microphone about how much you love old man dick at 10:47 AM on a Tuesday in October while your 45-year-old boss oversees you through a glass window from the other room.  You eventually look up after 2 hours of practicing your unnaturally high-pitched moans and see him give you a big thumbs up as you pretend to have an orgasm.
---NEW---
Most people drastically underestimate how big a 7" penis is. Statistically it's less than 1% of the male population. A 7 incher will bottom out 90% of women, and cause severe pain and harm to most of them.

FYI I'm 8", measured with a scientific ruler. From now on, I want you to call me Big Chunky Boi.
---NEW---
So it was the Panathenaia a couple months ago. Had an orgy, got some gifts. My friend Alcibiades got for me a “super cute bikini”, I liked it, said thanks. He had ripped the tags off but whatever.

Anyway. Went to the community pool with some other philosophers. Wore bikini. Got in the water. Philosophers immediately are like "uhm Diogenes.... We look and see that this bikini is now kinda see thru."

Haha good joke Alcibiades.

Anyway, Alcibiades invited me over to his place to hang out with him and his wife and a few others. Most leave and we’re still hanging out. I’m like hey, what if we get in your hot tub? I go change after them. And meet his wife in the hot tub and he’s getting new drinks. I hop in. Immediately, he’s looking at my chest. I pretend I don’t notice and just make small talk. He comes out a few min after. And just looks in shock. Eventually gets in. “Uhh is that the one I bought?” Yeah I love it. I wear it everywhere. Make up some stuff about how I wore it to the beach, some party with lots of guys, etc. and he’s just like “oh”.

We’re in the tub for 20-30 min. Eventually get out and change. He approached me after and was like. “Uhm I’m sorry thought you’d notice. But it goes kinda see thru”. I’m like yeah I know why’d you buy me a fucking see thru bathing suit Alcibiades? “He’s like it’s a joke. Wait you knew? So you just spent last 30’ flashing my wife on purpose?” I reply I’m just wearing my birthday gift from him.

Anyway, AITA?
---NEW---
I masturbate to pictures of Ben Shapiro almost every day just because I know he would hate the idea of a male wanking to him

it's actually really difficult because I don't find him sexually attractive in any way and especially just his headshots but I have done it every day for about 2 years because I found it funny at first but now I'm so used to it that it makes me feel incomplete if I don't do it every day.
---NEW---
whats that? holy shit. holy fucking shit. you fucking genius. did you actually just find out a circularity in my definition?

Did you point to a linguistic inconsistency in one of my dialogues? Did you say my conceptual analysis is flawed and leads to obscurantist metaphysics that will doom western thought for thousands of years? you fucking madlad.

i can't believe i just witnessed one of the greatest achievements in human history right now. i think im gonna cry, im so excited. to be honest, i would suck your dick to reward you for your HUGE contribution to the human race if the line wasnt so long.

you know what? fuck it. ill let you fuck Xanthippe. ill pay you lavishly in drachmas to fuck her. only for the slim chance that one of her kids will have a small part of your magnificent iq.

ill mortgage my fucking house just so you could have 15 minutes with her, while hoping that your MASSIVE cock won't rip her in half. after that, we should start a religion for you. fuck Zeus, the only thing this dick did is have sex with animals. you are entitled to the praise he's getting. we should make you immortal. losing you would mean stopping the human evolution and we would all revert to monkeys, not that we are more than monkeys in your majestic presence. I suggest we go to the agora and tell them to hand over all their authority to you, im sure you can unite all the people of Greece just with a single swing of your cock, making the entire population wet in the process.

just before that one more thing: can you shut the fuck up? nobody cares about your definitions you single chromosomed retarded gnome.
---NEW---
I was just in my bed, jacking off and suddenly Alcibiades just opens the door and stares directly at me. He had brought some chitons and wanted to know if they were mine. I, as fast as possible, pulled away my "aa-battery", and just shouted at him "What?" (Very annoyed). He left my chitons on my chair and left the room. But before he closed the door, he winked at me.

This was all I needed to know. He knew. He knew exactly what I was doing, and I feel so embarrassed that if I were to die of a heart attack, I would thank Zeus for letting me skip tonight's orgy.
---NEW---
Let's say you've been a bad girl. Let's say, hypothetically, you've been a naughty girl even. Ok, and if you were a naughty girl, you would be my dirty little slut right? Then hypothetically speaking, you would be my little cumslut. Now, let's say you're also daddy's tiny girl.

Now that we have established that you are both a bad girl and daddy's girl, I believe you'd agree with me when I say that you deserve a spanking. Am I not correct? A bad girl deserves a spanking, and as I am daddy, you are my girl, so I am the one who must provide punishment.
---NEW---
I saw exactly 1.09441 square inches of a girls shoulder today, I immediately fell to my knees, as the rush of dopamine signaling my impending, earth shattering orgasm started making me moan loud enough to deafen EVERYONE in the immediate vicinity.

What followed was a torrential downpour of every single sperm cell I ever had, or ever will produce shot out SO HARD that my dick was ripped apart by my Übernut, accelerating to 5% of the speed of light by the time it left my urethra.

It vaporized the girl as it punched right through her, it barely slowed before cutting through a structural support beam in the school as if it were a nuclear powered angle grinder. the sheer weight of this historical nut, combined with the total destruction of everything in its path caused the school to collapse, and every female in the city of Athens became pregnant with my children.
---NEW---
gf is prego

we like to get kinky anyways

one night things get particularly saucy

i'm sticking my noodle in her when I notice weird fucking chunks coming out, so I turn on the lights

wtf it's red everywhere and she's obviously not on her period

i look up at her, she's got a glassy, jarred look on her face and she's not answering

ohshitohshitohshitohshit

i rush her into my car and speed all the way to the hospital

she's still bleeding everywhere

by the time we get there, she's not bleeding much anymore, but all the color has drained and she looks colorless and almost transparent

oh shit, she looks like she's in a vegetative state

storm into to the emergency room, cary her to the nearest doctor and explain eveything

he takes one look at ther and says

"sir, i'm sorry, there's nothing we can do"

"WHY THE FUCK NOT???"

"we don't operate on empty jars of spaghetti sauce"
---NEW---
Go fuck yourself you say???

What if I'm already fucking myself? Behind this simple insult hides a universal paradox that may put your sexuality in question.

Let's do a simple thought experiment: imagine us two standing in front of each other. I, of course, am wearing a pair of jeans, that are covering my genitals and my butt. You then command me to "go fuck myself". I may be fucking myself already. I may as well not be fucking myself already. Until my dick and its position relative to my ass is observed, it is simultaneously in my ass, but also outside of it - thus, it stays in superposition.

The moment you lay eyes on my penis, both states collide with each other and become either one. You may have already guessed what the problem here is. As soon as a single photon reflected by my dick enters either one of your eyes, you become gay. The only way to avoid this is to not observe my penis. But if you don't look at it, then you will never know if your insult had any effect, thus rendering it meaningless.

Since you have already made the insult, you are now, too, in superposition - you're either wrong, or gay. It's unfortunate, really - you dug a hole for yourself without even knowing it.

All you can do now is accept it, and learn from your mistakes.
---NEW---
I worked janitorial once for a government building, and the things I've seen. . . Humans are disgusting creatures. They shit just wherever, they piss just wherever, once they're in that bathroom, they just don't care any further.

I once encountered a line of diarrhea that began at the door of the womens toilet, meandered through the entire bathroom, went into literally every stall but never made it to a toilet, then walked by the sinks, the mirrors, then wandered right back out again, creating a trail that showed that this woman just started shitting the moment she entered the restroom, wandered around the restroom shitting just wherever there wasn't a toilet, then just stopped shitting when it was time for her to leave.

I've seen pads and tampons affixed to walls, creating murals made of blood, piss, feces and menstrual products. Some of them like crude cave art, others fairly faithful recreations of famous works of art.

I've seen a situation where shit covered every part of a women's bathroom stall, like she just stuck her ass into the cubicle and let fly a torrent of liquid brown hatred for humanity and last nights curry.

I once saw a turd just sitting there on the ceiling, in the way that turds just don't, not stuck or splattered, just sitting there like that's where it was pinched out. Like a floor turd, but also an affront to gravity and sanity.

You saw the couch. You weren't close enough to smell it.
---NEW---
Socrates, help! I’m the Office Pooper. Every office has one. I have a medical condition that causes it but when I have to go, I have to go!

The bad part is I have a coworker who is on a witch hunt to find the Office Pooper. She sits in front of me and constantly complains about people using the bathroom to poop. I try not to get into it much but I’m scared of being busted out! I honestly don’t do it for shits and giggles. I can’t help it. How do I resolve this situation? I’ve already lied and said it’s not me, so I can’t admit the truth.

My coworker has even watched the bathroom at different times through out the day to try and find out who it is. Luckily she tells me about these stake-outs before they happen so I can avoid using the bathroom then. My stomach is hurting and my nerves are on edge. I just want to poop in peace, but that seems like too much to ask of my coworker. Any advice, wise Socrates?

For starters, dear Glaucon, please stop feeling like you’re doing something shameful by using the bathroom for its intended purpose! That is what it’s there for. I assure you that many other people use your office bathroom for the same thing, despite your coworker’s horror at the idea.

Then, tell your coworker to cut it out. The next time she complains about people using the bathroom, say this: “It’s a bathroom. That’s what it’s there for. People poop in it. Can you lay off the bathroom monitoring? It’s gotten really weird.” Seriously — this is 100% okay to be blunt about. What she’s doing is really weird, and you can name it for what it is.

If she pushes back or continues on her anti-poop mission, you might as well get even more straightforward, and perhaps point out how crappy what’s she’s doing is for anyone with a medical condition that might necessitate daytime defecation.

The most important thing, though, is that you stop letting her intimidate you out of using the toilets for their intended purpose. Go forth and poop with no shame.
---NEW---
I wish slavery never happened because then there wouldn't be any black people in North America.
(If you object to this you are defending slavery, if you do not you agree with a racist)
---NEW---
Fun fact: the proteins in sperm are 100% digestible and usable, the same cannot be said for the proteins in coconut.
Protein is essential for muscle maintenance and defence and mental capacity.

So: extract protein from the coconut man, and eat your coconuts for energy, and wait for the coconut man to slack off due to malnutrition, and then take over the coconut business, and keep the coconut man caged as a sex slave cow to keep you supplied with animal protein.

I can recommend it for all vegans and soy-enjoyers to supplement the lysine content, but for me not necessary at the moment.
---NEW---
SO MY FUCKING STUPID 9 YEAR OLD SISTER GOT MY LAPTOP WHILE I WAS IN THE BATHROOM AND SHE LITERALLY JUST TOOK MY GAMING LAPTOP THAT I BOUGHT WITH MY OWN MONEY FOR $1000 AND SHE JUST SIMPLY THREW IT OFF OUR BALCONY AND GUESS WHAT, ITS BROKEN FOR GOOD. NOW I CANT DO SHIT ON MY LAPTOP AND PLAY MY FAVOURITE GAMES BECAUSE ITS BROKEN AND ALL STUFF WAS THERE. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK.
---NEW---
When I was a teenager I got super bored and decided I wanted to see if I could get a fetish on purpose. I set up an experiment to see if I could get a fetish for something extremely non-sexual if I tried hard enough.

So every time I wanted to whack it, I ignored looking up porn and instead looked up computer insides and maintenance imagery on google and tried to jack off to it.

I did this for like a month or two and then forgot about it because it wasn't working, and now like five years later I realise I accidentally pavlov'd myself into associating sex with machine maintenance.

The real kicker is that I'm the family's computer guy so I had to go to my grandma's house to fix the printer there, and I had to pull out the toner drum and I legitimately felt like I was doing something perverse. I could not stop getting nervous the entire time I was there because I was anxious about my poor unsuspecting family somehow finding out that opening up the printer gets my dick hard :/

TL;DR Jacked off to computer parts when I was like 15 cause I was bored and now I'm scared shitless of fixing my grandma's printer in case I get a boner

EDIT: Sorry if any of my friends who know this about me saw that i put this on reddit for clout. Thought id at least get something out of the debacle
---NEW---
After having a hard time all semester with my Wittgenstein class, I actually said to my girlfriend the other night out of the blue that if I could I would stick a finger up Wittgenstein's ass.

She looked at me and said, "in a good way or a bad way?" And I just went off. I started talking about how I would non-consensually, literally stick my finger up this man's ass if he was here in the flesh right now, about how sick I am of the Investigations, how he could stick the picture theory up his ass too and find some meaning there, ugh.

I think I went on for a good five minutes. And here I am shitposting in procrastination of my final paper on the Tractatus.

Am I the bad philosopher?
---NEW---
I graduated with a degree in political science and history, and I found employment in a call center, where I worked with 2 Holocaust deniers.

The choice was clear: go back to school, or hang myself with my shoelaces while those two talked about how the Jews orchestrated 9/11.
---NEW---
A fucking 1.5 Döner dürüm became 55 fucking lira. I paid 70 fucking lira for a Döner and ayrans I finished in 10 minutes.

How tf you say people eat döner , sucuk and lahmacun frequently? I became so triggered when I paid it up. Akp truly deserve being hanged.

Even I , a person with a quite wealthy family (as much as working class can get , a professional doctor) , have to think twice when eating a nice meal.
---NEW---
TIFU by fucking my very real futa girlfriend in the ass ( by accident) AITA?
Obligatory this happened 5 years ago but we are still very much happily married today and having lots of sex every day. A bit of a backstory, my dick is fucking huge. I have a 12 inches with 5 inch diameter. I also last really long in bed. Also me and my wife are polyamorous so hmu if you wanna try something ;).

Now, to the story. My wife and I were into vanilla sex only at the time. I was getting kind of bored one day so I suggested she peg me with her giant futa cock instead of the other way around while she masturbates me to vaporeon porn. Now, because my dick is so fucking large, it took a lot of effort to switch positions, and while in the process of doing so, my dominant pelvic thrusts slapped her cock out of the way and it slipped into her asshole. Now, this felt really good, so I kept going even though she yelled at me to stop and that it hurt. After I nutted inside her I sat down on my pewdiepie gamer chair to work on my star wars minecraft build. AITA?
---NEW---
I caught a diarrhea stomach bug and have been either in bed or on the toilet since about 7pm New Year's Eve. It's now 22 hours later and I'm still trying to let go of all of last year's shit. Someone send help.
---NEW---
So a month ago I went on a little trip to Ephessus.

On the way back out my trireme had to stop in Lesbos for 2 hours. I managed to shit once in Ephessus, once in Lesbos and once in my home country (Athens) upon arrival, so I managed to shit in 3 different city states in the span of 12 hours.

Is this an accomplishment? Of course I won't include it in my personal biography by Diogenes Laertius, but do you know someone that has done something similar? Anyway, I call it the trifecta, you are more than welcome to attempt doing it.
---NEW---
All government is an ugly necessity. The Thirty on the other hand were some really ugly motherfuckers.
---NEW---
If there is one outstanding quality in Nazism it is its Judaism. The new Aryan man has all the worst faults of the worst Jews: jealousy, greed, the mania of conspiracy, and above all, the belief in a Chosen Race.
---NEW---
Why dont you transcendentally aesthetic some bitches?
---NEW---
It's better to piss in the sink than sink in the piss.
---NEW---
Idk about you, but my balls come and go like the tides. I swear the moon actually has something to do with it.

Some days they’re hanging lower than my 15” flaccid dong, other days they’re so high up they disappear.

So if ball cleavage is going to become a real thing, I’m gonna need to speak with a doctor about my retracting ball problem. Or we can integrate a motor into the shorts to adjust cleavage as necessary. Either way works for me.
---NEW---
Dear people of Discord,

I am typing this a little more formally than usual but I have to tell you something. I just had a conversation with my cancer parents. They said they don't like me being on Discord (political) servers and think I'm getting radicalized and depressed or something. I now have an hour to tell everyone this. They now want to take away my mobile and PC again so yes that will be at least a month before I can speak to you again.

Cakepaddenstoel
---NEW---
Women are for babies, goats are for practice, and boys are for love. (Persian proverb)
---NEW---
I’m 26 and free from Aristotle for 3 years.

I was also a piece of shit and used to teach at uni for a while.

I managed to get with a beautiful student named Helene when I first started getting into the thick of things. She knew who I was but she said she loved me.

I will regret this for the rest of my life, but I was the person who gave Helene her first copy of Nicomachean Ethics. After that, there was no stopping her, she would talk about virtue all the time: Bentham doesn't understand duty, Kant has no phronesis, and moral judgement is informed by experience.  She stuck around with me, probably because I was her mentor more than anything, but then I found the courage to abandon Aristotelianism and never saw her again for a long time.

A year ago she reached out to me on Facebook and told me that she had not read Aristotle for a few months and she said that she didn’t hate me for what happened and she hoped I was still Aristotle Free.

Last week I got a call from my sister who told me that she saw on Facebook that Helene had relapsed and she would become Dean of Arts and Humanities at Harvard this upcoming Thursday.

I immediately just burst into tears because I hoped that this would never happen and I feel so much guilt over it.

I want to go to the ceremony for a last attempt to dissuade her but I’m afraid that my presence would be unwanted. All her relatives loathe me, her dad is deontologist. Her students know what I've done to her. At the most I would just slip in the back, leave a signed copy of The Principles of Morals  and leave. I need to do this for myself.
---NEW---
Fuck fuck fuck I can't believe it! Alright so today we're having zoom class and my crush was looking like a straight-up snack as usual. No one could see me from the waist down so I stared at her and started to jerk off. I was yanking it, I was cranking it the teacher's words were going in one ear and right out the other. Then my crush got up to get a cola out of her mini-fridge, her fast ass was on display for everyone to see. I came so hard that it shot out of my dick like a surface-to-air missile! My thick sticky cum covered my Kill-La-Kill shirt, the whole class was staring. I knew they knew but I had to clean myself up. I thought I had covered the camera when I got up but the whole class saw my semi-hard dick in all its four inches of glory. The teacher kicked me from the class and pmd me to let me know that I had been suspended indefinitely. Does anyone know if I can sue the school for discrimination?
---NEW---
Fuck ppl who play Jenga wrong!1!

“YoU tOucHEd ThAt BlOcK So yOu HavE tO PuLl tHat OnE Out”

Go fuck yourself, that’s not how the fucking game is played, you dumb, the fuck, asshole.

Quoted from the official Jenga rules:

“Players may tap a block to find a loose one. Any blocks moved but not played should be replaced, unless doing so would make the tower fall. “

You’ve never even fucking read the rules have you, you shithead idiot. What, is the game over in 3 seconds, if you just so happen to touch a load bearing block first?FUCKING NO DUMBASS. Learn to read you illiterate fuck.
---NEW---
So I was waiting in line to vote when all of a sudden this voting "official" came up to me and said that there was something wrong with my voter registration and asked me to follow him to the back. When we went around back he said that I had to take off my pants and show my cock because penis size is the most accurate way to confirm voter identity. Because I thought he was a voting official I swiftly removed my pants and underwear to show him my member. After he fondled it for a bit he said it was good and I could go back into the line. It was only after I voted I realized that he forgot to check my balls too!!! He was obviously not certified to check such an area and I immediately contacted the security guards about his presence. Please do not fall for any tricks like I did! stay safe and happy voting!
---NEW---
Let me tell you all that it is very relaxing to sleep with a penis in your mouth all night long.

I (63 yo male, Athenian) did this multiple time with my boyfriend (12 yo, Corinthian)... at least three occasions that I can remember. Having a penis in my mouth is very soothing, like a pacifier to a baby.

Here’s how it worked: he would lay on his side, and I would spoon around his knees with my head propped up by a pillow so that my face was even with his Cock. We would both be excited by it at the beginning so there was always an initial intense session resulting in an orgasm, and once that was out of the way we would drift off to sleep. He would lose his erection after that first orgasm, allowing me to snuggle up against him and just relax with his limp Cock filling my mouth. While I would gently suckle on him while drifting off, once I was asleep that stopped and my mouth would just hold his Cock while we slept.

REM sleep causes erections, so several times during the night I would be woken up by the Cock in my mouth growing too big for my mouth to contain. (Sadly I’ve never mastered being able to deep throat.) Let me tell you, there is no greater feeling than the initial moment of confusion of crossing over from a dream into reality and realizing your mouth is actually full of Cock. Upon waking up I would start sucking again, which would lead to him cumming again, and then we would both drift off to sleep again, neither one of us having said a word. And then the whole cycle would repeat again and again until morning.

Now the drawback to all this is that we were both having our REM cycle interrupted all night, and we would both be exhausted all the next day. As a result we didn’t do this all the time but saved it for a special treat. The memories of those nights and that feeling of waking up with my mouth full are some of the best sexual memories of my life.
---NEW---
Aristotle dines when it seems good to King Philip, but I when I myself please.
---NEW---
Everything belongs to the gods; teenage shitposters are friends of the gods; friends hold all things in common; therefore, everything belongs to teenage shitposters.
---NEW---
Imagine you're blindfolded and you're getting the best raw hetaira-grade blowjob in the entire universe. The catch is, however, that you'll never figure out who's giving you that god-tier awesome schmösome sloppy toppy unless you take the blindfold off. It could be anybody, Aspasia of Miletus, Sappho, Aristotle , or even your uncle's neighbour's donkey. Now the question is: would you take off the blindfold and find out who the person/thing behind the stupendous jimmy-nibbler is and risk permanently scarring yourself, or would you keep the blindfold on and continue having your knob slobbed till your spirit hits the sky?
---NEW---
Look, I'm not a hateful person or anything–I believe we should all live and let live. But lately, I've been having a real problem with these homosexuals. You see, just about wherever I go these days, one of them approaches me and starts sucking my cock.

Take last Sunday, for instance, when I casually struck up a conversation with this guy in the health-club locker room. Nothing fruity, just a couple of fellas talking about their workout routines while enjoying a nice hot shower. The guy looked like a real man's man, too–big biceps, meaty thighs, thick neck. He didn't seem the least bit gay. At least not until he started sucking my cock, that is.

Where does this queer get the nerve to suck my cock? Did I look gay to him? Was I wearing a pink feather boa without realizing it? I don't recall the phrase, "Suck my cock" entering the conversation, and I don't have a sign around my neck that reads, "Please, You Homosexuals, Suck My Cock."

I've got nothing against homosexuals. Let them be free to do their gay thing in peace, I say. But when they start sucking my cock, then I've got a real problem.

Then there was the time I was hiking through the woods and came across a rugged-looking, blond-haired man in his early 30s. He seemed straight enough to me while we were bathing in that mountain stream, but, before you know it, he's sucking my cock!

I swear, if these homosexuals don't take a hint and quit sucking my cock all the time, I'm going to have to resort to drastic measures–like maybe pinning them down to the cement floor of the loading dock with my powerful forearms and working my cock all the way up their butt so they understand loud and clear just how much I disapprove of their unwelcome advances. I mean, you can't get much more direct than that.
---NEW---
Please DO NOT announce to the server when you are going to masturbate. This has been a reoccurring issue, and I’m not sure why some people have such under developed social skills that they think that a server full of mostly male strangers would need to know that. No one is going to be impressed and give you a high five (especially considering where that hand has been). I don’t want to add this to the rules, since it would be embarrassing for new users to see that we have a problem with this, but it is going to be enforced as a rule from now on.

If it occurs, you will be warned, then additional occurrences will be dealt with at the discretion of modstaff. Thanks.
---NEW---
Three things you didn’t know you could do with human sperm

1. Cooking

Check out a book by Fotie Photenhauer called Natural Harvest, a collection of semen-based recipes. The book description:

Semen is not only nutritious, but it also has a wonderful texture and amazing cooking properties. Like fine wine and cheeses, the taste of semen is complex and dynamic. Semen is inexpensive to produce and is commonly available in many, if not most, homes and restaurants. Despite all of these positive qualities, semen remains neglected as a food.

2. Painting

Artist Martin Von Ostrowski is known for using bodily fluids as his paint mediums (including his infamous portrait of Hitler made from his own excrement). Back in 2008, Von Ostrowski put out an exhibition at the Gay Museum in Berlin in which he featured works painted with his own semen. A single painting requires about 40 ejaculations, which, given the size of the exhibition, suggests that he needed to ejaculate at least 1,000 times. Impressive! Von Ostrowski is able to keep these large quantities of sperm fresh by freezing it.

3. Invisible ink

Back during World War I, the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) discovered that semen could act as an effective invisible ink. In June 1915, Walter Kirke, deputy head of military intelligence in France, wrote in his diary that chief Mansfield Cumming (yes), was "making enquiries for invisible inks at the London University." Rumor at the time had it that semen worked particularly well, and follow-up studies showed that it did not react to the usual methods of detection (including iodine vapor). It was also readily available for any intrepid secret service agent willing to make the sacrifice. The practice went into use, but it was noted that on at least one occasion that an agent had to be reminded to use only fresh supplies of the "ink" when people started noticing an unusual smell.
---NEW---
Why not whip the tutor when the student misbehaves?
---NEW---
"But is the text written by a disabled pan-sexual vegan gay non-binary furry overweight trans-species African-American of Asian heritage with a social anxiety disorder?"

Like I fucking care! If it's a good text it's a good text. It could have been written by Osama Bin fucking Laden and it could still be the best piece of literature ever written.
---NEW---
By the gods! The agnostic really needs to pull that fence post out of his ass and fucking choose a side already. Nothing's worse than a sanctimonius fence sitter who looks down on you for staking an opinion to the ground. The agnostic is the ultimate coward, he doesn't want to take the risk of commiting to a position himself, so he instead holds up his cowardice as a virtue, even going so far as to baptize his own non-opinion as 'logical.' What a sniffer of his own farts!

For these reasons, I have come to respect the atheist a little bit more. After all, he at least risks an opinion. That being said though, he's still a fucking moron through and through. For openly denying the divine, his soul is destined to be cast into the deepest abyss of Tartarus where Sisyphus will have to repeatedly shove a boulder up his ass for the rest of eternity. With that in mind, may the gods still show this stupid bastard a bit of mercy, if for no other reason than for at least having the courage of his convictions! (However dumb they may be)
---NEW---
I literally had someone tell me that "Oh you think there's a soul??? Well, then we should be able to put it on an operating table and 'see what it's made out of' " Fuck my life. All anglophone analytics are hereby condemned as cringe and to be immediately be thrown into outer space. That is all.
---NEW---
Guns laws in Greece you ask? You asked the right person friendo. The main gun law passed in 1993. It gives the definition of “weapon”, which basically shows how hoplophobic the guys drafting the law were, since they consider just about everything a weapon.

The lenient parts:
1. You can easily obtain a shotgun. It can be pump-action or semiautomatic, and is restricted to 3 rounds (but that is just a piece of plastic or wood easily removable to allow for original capacity). You pass a background check, which means your criminal record must be clean, and a psychiatric evaluation. Licence holds for 10 years.
2. You are allowed possession of a pistol or revolver, as long as you’re part of a gun/shooting club. You need to participate in a minimum amount of competitions (8 per year for cal. 9mm, .40, .45 etc, or 6 per year for a .22 cal) and renew every 3 years. You are allowed 10 boxes of ammo aka 500 rounds.

The not-lenient parts:
1. Concealed carry is a privilege for the rich and powerful. You need to justify to the police why you need it, and they are free to deny you the right to carry. Pre-emptive action is a no-no in Greece.
2. Any form of rifles that do not have a smooth bore are only privilege for the national guard and the military, and SWAT teams. Hunting with those is a no-no, and using them in shooting clubs is officially ok, but only very few ranges actually are big enough to allow such weapons.
3. Any part of a firearm found on a person, whether it is merely a trigger, a scope, or a handguard, immediately qualifies you for criminal charges of ‘illegal possession of a firearm’.

The crazy parts:
1. You are criminally charged for ‘firearm possession’ if you’re in possession of spearfishing gear and under the age of 18, or 16 w/o adult supervision.
2. Knives are ‘criminal weapons’, unless used for specific purposes such as professionally, in the house, fishing, hunting, etc. Basically ‘officially’ you are not even allowed to have a pocket knife.
---NEW---
I (35 yo, Athenian, Stoic) fart on my daughter (5 months old, Athenian, Cynic) and son (17 yo, Spartan, Peripatetic) on a regular basis. Whether it is when they are eating or watching a tragedy in the couch with me. I start off every morning, waking them up by farting loudly when entering their room, to which they respond by quickly escaping from my presence. They find it semi-enjoyable. Especially if only one of them are caught in the line of fire. My farts are by far the worst I've ever come across. I'd dare say I have the smelliest gas in the Hellenic World. They reek of egg, burnt rubber and fireworks. They also linger. For I can let out a single fart in a room, exit and it will still be present when returning 20 minutes later. Hence, I at times surprise my kids by farting in the living room, a good 5 minutes before they enter, only for them to be quickly subdued walking into a seemingly fart-free room. AITA? Any other parents who do something similar?
---NEW---
Masturbating is more important than your education and life.
---NEW---
So i was having naked sex with 6 Asian girls when I accidentally showed one of them my penis too quickly (normally I take a week or two of showing photos of gradually larger and larger penises so they’re not shocked when they eventually see my member), well she was so shocked at how massive it was that she fell over and spilled the baby oil all over the floor. It was OK though becuase we all rolled around in it while they took turns pleasuring themselves with my schlong, I didn’t get off because I take hours to cum, but I enjoy other people cumming multiple times from my donkey dong… I’m totally not 14
---NEW---
A corpse has never been alive in its existence as being a corpse; it is inanimate. Therefore, don't call me a necrophile.
---NEW---
LIBRAL SCOOL BE LIKE:
9:00: GAY LESON!!
9:45: how to be be GAYY!!
10:30: TRANS LERNINNG!!
11:15: GAY RECESS!!
11:45: CROSDRESING HOUR!!
12:45: GAY LESON!!!
1:30: TRANGENER LUNCH!!
2:15: BLM PERIOD!!!
3:00: COMUNIS T HISTORY!!
3:30: TAKE NON BINAR BUS HOME!!
THIS ISWHAT LEFT WANT!
---NEW---
no little german boy don’t go into #nsfw

ach mein gott dis channel ist full of boobtitten

oh mein gott! weiner schnitzels!!!

Oh mein gotten it isch full of analcocken

the voman and other voman can kissenfucken? das good very good
---NEW---
I hate taking shits. Taking shits is the worst function of the human organism after sex. You have to sit on the most uncomfortable seat ever, then you have to go through so much pain to push the shit out of your asshole (not to mention sometimes they get stuck in there). And as if those weren't enough then you have to wipe, you have to take your hand along with toilet paper and shove it up your asshole, this process can sometimes take minutes out of your life, it fucking sucks.

TL;DR I hate shitting
---NEW---
Schrodinger's Blowjob -- Imagine you're blindfolded and you're getting the best raw pornstar-grade blowjob in the entire universe. The catch is, however, that you'll never figure out who's giving you that god-tier awesome schmosome sloppy toppy unless you take the blindfold off. It could be anybody, Aristotle, Diogenes the Cynic, a Corinthian girlfriend, Xanthippe, or even your uncle's Spartan neighbour. Now the question is: would you take off the blindfold and find out who the person/thing behind the stupendous jimmy-nibbler is and risk permanently scarring yourself, or would you keep the blindfold on and continue having your knob slobbed till your spirit hits the sky?
---NEW---
Well I was born and my parents always told me I'm a boy even though I doesn't have a cock which confuse me😕, and where the cock should be is just a hole of nothingness, It just looks like a vagina to me but my parents always tell me I WAS A BOY!!! I suffered through school as no kid does, I don't fucking know which fucking toilet should I go in!?😡 And sometimes the boys in my class would tell me to show them my cockn't and they would gang rape my cockn't because basically it's just a vagina😭.

Well I thought I was gonna be like that until one day when I reached 18 yrs old, my dad tell me to go down the basement and...

He unzip is pant and pulled out his dick😨, and I was like ayo wtf dad noooo fuck no plz dad why are you doing this? He tell me to be quiet🤐 It is not like was I was thinking... He then plugged his dick into my asshole (I knew it wtf!) But suddenly my cockn't grow out a cock!!! O0O It doesn't look normal, IT WAS SHINY GOLDEN COCK!!!!😲 My dad later explained that I was born in a ROYAL FAMILY OF COCK X-MEN! And I was the chosen one, every 1000 years a male will be born with a hole that contains the power of the whole lineage. "Why didn't you tell me earlier?" I shouted, "You wasn't mature yet to hold its power!!" Ma dad replied. So this dick basically is powered by my Heart which uses heat from my body. And so the next day I went to the house of the bitches who raped me in school and I turned my dick into a canon and bombarded his ass with 2 tons of cum! (His house was destroyed too) I then make my cock spin like a helicopter and flew away to rape womans and men and bitches who raped me and that's where I start my revenge and become COCKMAN, Raper of the night
---NEW---
Please put an NSFW tag on this. I was on the train and when I saw this I had to start furiously masturbating. Everyone else gave me strange looks and were saying things like “what the fuck” and “call the police”. I dropped my phone and everyone around me saw this image. Now there is a whole train of men masturbating together at this one image. This is all your fault, you could have prevented this if you had just tagged this post NSFW.
---NEW---
The Buildup
I was drinking Pepsi and reading an article on how prostate stimulation intensifies orgasms. So, I had the genius idea of using coke to stimulate my ass. WCGW? I mean that the carbonation feels... good in my mouth, so It should work in my ass. As an Peripatetic, there are many fascinating propositions about Natural Philosophy to test when inserting coke into an anus.

Q: How do I put cola in my anus in the first place?

A: You use the rim of the bottle and stick it directly in the anus.

Q: How do I make sure that the coke stays there?

A: You don’t. That’s where I fucked up

Now, with a half-assed plan, I went to the store. As I was checking out, I saw a pack mentos. Time to bring this to level two. I put back the original coke and bought diet coke instead. All 2 liters of glory.

The disaster

20 mins later...

With three mentos in my ass, I gingerly lowered the rim to my rim and poured. The reaction was nearly instant. With the tidal force of a tsunami, the bottle was violently ejected from my ass. A pressure was building up, and the gates of hell opened. I felt Hades' sugary fire burst from my asshole onto the bed. Holy shit, you would not realize the panic I had. There was a pain, both emotional and physical. The sugary wet fart, the sound of a thousand ass-trumpets creating a heavenly cacophony. I saw the light, I saw the dark. I felt The intense sting of carbonation, I experienced nothing and everything. I had found Zeus , and he was punishing me. There was the maddening sensation of your asshole bending over itself, inside out, shrinking, expanding. It was worse than any experience ever. My brain still cannot comprehend the sensations, but they were torturous. I have contemplated what Hades might feel like, and I know that I could find peace there. My bed was soaked with shit-coke. Lord, how am I to clean up.

Don't ever try what I did.

The aftermath

TIL that the human asshole can stretch 8 centimeters without damage.
---NEW---
I am not my vagina.

I am not a female founder. I am a founder.

I am not a business woman. I am a business leader.

I am not a girl in tech. I am a person in tech.

Don’t label me. You don’t have to put me on a special list in your magazine. You don’t have to invite me to a special gender based community. You don’t have to give me a special spot in your panel. Don’t give me a separate stage. Put me on the main stage and lists with all genders included, and I will compete very well.

Putting women in these special forums only serve to tell the world they couldn’t make it in the main ones, and that the reason we’re there is because of what we’re born with. And hey, wasn’t defining people by gender parameters exactly what we were all trying to fight in the first place?

I have always and will continue to decline opportunities where the basis for selection is my gender. Don’t use my genitals for your PR agenda.

Incoming counter argument I’m well aware of: “but it helps women to have these communities and have female role models”. Hello - all genders appreciate role models. If I’m going to be a role model of any kind I’d like to be so for all genders and types of people, not just the ones who I happen to have a vagina in common with.

Equal opportunities - yes. Special opportunities - no, thank you.

Happy International Person’s Day!

#Iamnotmyvagina #IWD2022 #RealInclusion
---NEW---
My (Athenian, male, 31) girlfriend (Corinth, 20) has a big tattoo on her upper chest (covering her collar bones and the upper part of her boobs), two smaller pieces on her hips, one between her shoulder blades and some smaller ones on her legs and arms. When we met she already had all the major ones and she did two more while with me. It has never bothered me, I thought her tattoos are cool. But before falling for her I never imagined myself to be with such a heavly tattooed girl but I hadn't really thought about it since then.

Now, I edited the pictures, starting from the smaller tattoos and evencually getting rid of the big chest one. I followed a tutorial and made a damn good job in my opinion. I ended up doing three pics and when I was admiring my work I got very... Well, I got hornier then I ever had in my life.

I've always considered my gf's body to be a 10/10. That combined with her absolutely wonderful personality  and kind character made me fall in love quick and hard, and I didn't even think to wonder how she would look like if she didn't have the tattoos. Well now I know. And to me she would look infinitly better.

I regret using photoshop a lot last night. I've uninstalled photoshop, filed a complain and asked for a hefty compensation. I now badly need some drachmas to search for a tattooless Corinthian girl and recover my horniness.
---NEW---
 it is morally wrong to eat literal shit?

I mean if you like it, you might eat it but then people will be disgusted.

Should these certain people only eat it in private? Why shouldn’t they be able to eat what they like in public?
---NEW---
At the beginning of this month, Aristotle received an email from Plato with the subject "Dude check this out" and a papyrus called "Peri Physeos". When Aristotle opened it, all that was on the papyrus was a picture of Philip II's asshole. When Aristotle texted Plato about receiving his email, he replied "what email?". They’ve been going back and forth since about the email, Plato saying he never sent an email and Aristotle thinking he’s keeping up the act. What Aristotle doesn’t know is I sent the email. I made an almost identical looking email, one letter off, and even managed to find the exact email profile picture from Plato's LinkedIn. Now it kills me every time I see them go at it. I’m literally pissing myself as I write this.
---NEW---
I lost my virginity to my cousin:

I'd had a massive crush on her since 7th grade, and Christmas break freshman year my family went to her house for Christmas.

At one point her mom asked her to go up to the attic to get some decorations, and she asked me of I would help. She climbed the ladder and I came up behind her. Wouldn't you know it, before my eyes could adjust to the darkness she grabbed me and kissed me much to my surprise. We ended up cuddling and making out on an old mattress, and pretty soon she unzipped my pants and went down on me. She was there for less than 30 seconds before she slid off her own pants and lowered herself down onto me cowgirl style. I knew it was wrong, but I just couldn't say no. I couldn't help myself; it was only a minute or two until I was just about ready to bust. I warned her, "I'm gonna cum," but she didn't stop. She grabbed me by the collar, looked me deep in the eyes, and asked, "Do you wanna be a daddy?" I came so hard I shat my pants.

We never did find the Christmas lights up there, and to this day, none of my friends can hold a candle to her.
---NEW---
Okay Philosophy Book Club, today I fucked up. I had sex with my sexy girlfriend. Oh my god I sexed her so hard and sexy like she was moaning and sexing all over the place. MmMmm ohhhh I love sex. In the middle of sexing her she said, "you're so sexy I love your 15 inch mangnum dong"- I came so hard and sexily that I ruptured my dickhole and now have to get penis reconstruction surgery but it's totally cool because I had epic sex.
---NEW---
So I just got home today and my new laptop charger had arrived! I couldn't find my laptop though. I went downstairs to watch TV untill my parents came home on the Wii U Netflix... but the Wii U isn't there! I called my mom but she didn't answer. About a few weeks ago I watched porn on the Gamepad, but then I left the page, went to settings, cleared cookies, and then cleared Save Data.
Im freaking out that my parents found out I watched porn! Can my parents find out I watched porn on the Wii U?? (Im on my dads laptop, and my parents are coming home in 30 min!)
---NEW---
Why can’t you squeeze balls like a go-gurt or something to make the cum come out? Other than the fact it might hurt obviously.

Edit: I’m a girl so I can’t test it myself
---NEW---
In my hs philosophy class we were talking about platonic forms and my teacher was discussing the essence of things like the “desk-ness” of a desk. I coyly raised my hand and asked what the essence of the letter P would be referred to as. She was confused for a moment and then glared at me before moving on
---NEW---
I'm a grad student in an analytic philosophy program. Really into analytic metaphysics. Well I drank a bottle of cough syrup and started reading the phenomenology of Spirit and. Oh my god. It is incredible. It really takes what kant did in the critique of pure reason and transforms it into something stunning and beautiful. How can I ever go back to analytic metaphysics. I finally understand who I am and what the world is. My advisor will not be amused by this.
---NEW---
IM DELETING YOU, DADDY!😭👋

██]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]

10% complete.....

████]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]

35% complete....

███████]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]

60% complete....

███████████]

99% complete.....

🚫ERROR!🚫

💯True💯 Daddies are irreplaceable!

💖I could never delete you Daddy!💖

---NEW---
For six days, work is to be done, but the seventh day shall be your holy day, a Sabbath of rest to the LORD. Whoever does any work on it must be put to death.
---NEW---
God created sex. Priests created marriage.
---NEW---
fuckability check:
fuckable: ❌✅
looks good: ❌✅
impregnatable: ❌✅
submissive: ❌✅
should you fuck it? ❌✅
would it want to be fucked? ❌✅
is it legal/ moral? ❌✅
will it feel good? ❌✅
summary:
---NEW---
Why the fuck would I do that. I should have never masturbated in front of my turtle. So basically I was watching porn in my 55 inch tv and my turtle was next to me in the couch. The porno was really old. It was a DVD from 2002. It was probably the hottest porn I have ever watch and honestly I'm probably going to watch porn on dvd instead from the internet. The only reason I had my turtle with me was because whenever I cum, I feel really depressed and lonely, so I thought that if my turtle watched with my I wouldn't feel lonely. Well I started stroking my willie, I used lotion, i took all my clothes off, but my dumbass forgot the tissues. I realized that I forgot to grab tissues but it was too late. I was going to cum. I didn't want to cum everywhere so I had to think fast. It was when I saw my turtle when I realized what I had to do. I came like a motherfucker. My turtle was painted with my cum in his tiny little face and all around his shell. He didn't say a word about it, he didn't move, he just stood there looking at me like I killed a bunch of children. I would never forgot the look my turtle gave me. His disappointing face broke my heart. I put on my clothes, I took my turtle to the bathroom and cleaned him off. What happened, happened. But my turtle would never forgot what happened. My turtle, Tommy, would never forgive me. Today, I passed by him and I know he still remembers what i did to him 3 hours ago. My only wish, is that one day, Tommy the turtle will forgive me for my horrible sins.
---NEW---
Why the fuck do people like this never give the exact source? Why just “Seneca” and not where I can find it to verify it’s not some made up falsely attributed bs?

“I like big boobies but the ass should be there as well”
~ Marcus Aurelius, Meditations
---NEW---
“if you had 24 hours with me what would you.." Sexual intercourse. That's the answer for all of these. Every single one of you that uh "oh if you had 24 hours with me what would you.." Sexual intercourse. Every single time. We don't need to do any more. All done. You're so hot. Hubba hubba. Wanna have sex. That's it. No more. The dude that's like "Oh if I brought you Domino's and I worked at Domino's what would you do?" I'd take the pizza and I'd have sex with you. Cause you're so attractive. The girl "If I worked at Starbucks and I gave you your drink that you paid for but I looked at you, what would you do?" Intercourse. I would take you to the back and have intercourse, because I can't resist you. Okay? We're all done. There's no more. What more do we n- I need to fucking delete this app dude.
---NEW---
TL;DR- masturbated in school and unloaded onto the door of a stall. Got caught and suspended.

I really wish this was a joke, but unfortunately it isn't.

I'm a highschooler, and I've been trying to quit masturbating. Today in my math class, I suddenly got a really strong urge to please myself. I told myself to wait until I got into my lunch period to think about it, which I did. Once I got to the cafateria, I waited until around halfway through the period before going into the bathroom and entering a stall. The bathroom is set up in a way so my stall was at the end of a narrow "hallway" and had solid brick walls all around except for the typical stall door on one side (gap above and below door). Because of this, I was pretty hidden. Anyways, I got into the stall, and immediately started to pleasure myself. After a bit of that action, I was about to reach the end of my experience, and needed a place to deposit the load. For some reason, I got up off of the toilet (pants still down around my ankles), walked to the stall door, and unleashed my load at point blank range onto the door. Foolishly, I didn't realize that slick metal is slippery, so a considerable amount of my delivery simply hit the door and slid down onto the floor, or never made it to the door, and just fell onto the floor in puddles. Another thing I didn't consider was that in this previously mentioned narrow hallway leading to my stall, people sometimes form a line to get in. As it turns out, there was another student on the other side of the door I just wanked onto, and he had a clear view of my pants around my ankles, as well as the white puddles on the ground below my feet.

Later in the day, I got called down to the deans office, where I had to explain to a dean and counselor why I 1. masturbated in a school bathroom 2. ejaculated onto the stall door In the end, my parents were called, I was suspended, and I have had many uncomfortable conversations today.
---NEW---
what's the best thing about dating a homeless girl?
||you can drop them off anywhere||
---NEW---
Ancient Greece society was all about butt sex. It gets glossed over or referred to in a passing and vague way.

In fact, part of the curriculum of well-off kids, from fancy Athenians to tough Spartans, was being poked from behind by your teacher/tutor.

Child grooming was more or less systemic, a necessary step in life for most men.

But it was Romans who brought it to the next level. Butt sex was man to man only. And always as a display of power.

"Teque puta cunnos, uxor, habere duos" Martial, XI, 43

And you, my dear wife, just pretend you have two pussies "
---NEW---
Eh? You've never seen a pair of breasts before? And you're HOW old?! J-Jeez! Ahahahah! W-Well, we'd better fix that, then! Just close your eyes for a sec, aaaaaaand...

HERE! BOING!

AHAHAHAHA! You should have seen the look on your face! J-Jeez, anon! Th-Th-They're just sacks of fat on my chest, ya know! Do they really excite you THAT much?! G-Get a look at this, then! See how they bounce up and down! Jiggle jiggle! I-I bet you want to squeeze them too, don't you, Mr. Perverted Virginboy Anon?! G-Go right ahead! Honk these honkin' honkers as much as you want! Take your time! Heck, s-suck on 'em too! I know you really want to~! Just be careful; my nipples are super hard right now! C-Can't imagine whyyyy...~!

I-I-I-I-I-I bet you wanna see my vagina too! You pervert! W-W-Well, we're already this far! Might as well! I'm not wearing p-panties anyway!

S-S-S-So, what do you think? ...Well, I guess that ragin' 'rection in your pants answers THAT question! HAHAHAHAHA! Y-Y-You're such a pathetic pervert, anon! I-I-I-I bet it's the first one you've seen since you slid out of your mother's! L-L-Look how wet it is, too! Jeezums fucking Crikes, it's so fucking wet! I-I've never seen it this wet before! Look what you're doing to me, you freaking pervert! Y-You sure know how to make a girl all hot and bothered! Oh, lordy! Christ-on-a-stick! You'd better take some responsibility for this! A-After all, when it's this wet, it's much easier to cram something up there! And I'm leaking like a freaking sieve here! You'd better p-p-p-plug it up RIGHT NOW!
---NEW---
Hi, I'm ✨Emily✨ (16) (they, them) ⚐ BLM ლ ♂♀ ♁ ☿ ⚤ ⚢ ⚥ ACAB; apesexual; dreamgender; safe place for everyone, except trump supporters; proud Californian; ‍♀️ vegan
---NEW---
hello dear,

brother i advice you dont make this insurance its fraud when they want to sell they will tell you too much good things as they told me but when you will have loss or when you will loss your phone or money or card they will teach you too many terms and conditions,

i am the customer  Piraeus and they told me like this how they told you yesterday i lost my i phone and also i lost my 600euro i went to police i registered there i got slip from them and also i block my sim and also imei number of my phone and also i block the bank card and i got the paper from wind that i block eimie and also i block sim i complete all documents when i call to insurance company then they told me million of terms and contentions so i loss my day from my  office and i run for noting, and now what is my loss its my loss i will not get any thing,

so its a fraud and cheat dont make that insurance ,
---NEW---
my dad thinks i'm a coward
because i rarely even drink
for him it's inconceivable
but for me it helps me think
​
my dad thinks i'm a bitch
because i sometimes talk back
and the drips of sweat remind him of
the things that we both lack
​
my dad thinks i'm a moron
because i have a different dream
he's convinced it's only fools
who fight to swim upstream
​
my dad knows i'm a dyke
and that crawles beneath his skin
while i have come to know
that beauty flows within
​
my dad knew i was miserable
and edging toward the brim
somewhere around then i realized
i don't wan't to be like him
​
my dad thinks i'm a pussy
and maybe he is right
but at least for me it's easier
to fall asleep at night
---NEW---
My (Athenian, male 55 yo) 20 year old son and his lover (Spartan, male 63 yo) are currently staying in my oikos. I love my son but he has a difficult character and I can’t stand his lover. I gave them a deadline to move out because I can’t take this anymore.

They got into a massive fight the other day while my wife (Corinthian, 15 yo)  was out. I guess a pair of my wife’s himation got in with their laundry and my son thought his lover was heterosexual. I think the fact he immediately jumped to heterosexuality  shows how bad their relationship is.

My son was waving the himation around and I recognized them because they had a floral print but I just let this ridiculous fight go on. My wife came home after about thirty minutes and said it was hers. My wife asked if I didn’t realize they were hers and I accidentally laughed.

My son burst into tears and won’t talk to me. His lover said Athenians are idiots who love arguing and left the oikos but my wife and I thought it was funny. Am I a cynic?
---NEW---
Zizek and Stalin are having an intense makeout session, their tongues entwining, their bodies pressing against each other. Stalin's hands are roaming all over Zizek's body, exploring every inch of him, making him moan in pleasure.

Suddenly, Zizek pulls away, panting. "I can't do this, Stalin. We can't."

"Why not?" Stalin asks, looking disappointed.

"Because you're a mass murderer and I'm a philosopher. It just wouldn't work out."

"But I can change, Zizek. I'll do anything for you."

Zizek looks at Stalin, considering his offer. Finally, he nods. "Okay, Stalin. I'll give you a chance."

They kiss again, passionately, their bodies eagerly melding together. There's no turning back now.
---NEW---
Once upon a time, there was a naughty, naughty Führer named Adolf Hitler. He loved nothing more than a good, hard fuck, especially when it was with his favorite philosopher, Martin Heidegger.

Oh, how they would go at it! Heidegger would be moaning and groaning in ecstasy as Hitler pounded him mercilessly, their bodies slapping together in a sweaty, blissful mess. It was always so hot, so intensely erotic.

And Hitler loved nothing more than when Heidegger would beg for mercy, begging him to stop because it felt too good. That just made Hitler fuck him harder, pushing him closer and closer to the edge of explosive orgasm.

They would always finish together, screaming each other's names as they came harder than they ever had before. It was always a beautiful, perfect moment between them.

But afterwards, as they lay in each other's arms panting and sweaty, they would always share a knowing look. Because they both knew that this was something they could never tell anyone about. It would be their dirty little secret, forever.
---NEW---
They met in a dusty old bookshop. Slavoj was browsing the philosophy section while Jordan was looking for a new self-help book. They stroke up a conversation and quickly found that they have a lot in common. They share a lot of common interests; they both love books, movies, and music. They both love exploring new things and they're always up for a good debate.

Slavoj loves how Jordan glides with feline grace to reach for new books; and Jordan loves the impeccable timing of Slavoj's humour and his enigmatic smile. Eventually, they settle into a comfortable routine of spending their days debating and their nights exploring each other.

Jordan would often quote Slavoj's work during their lovemaking, and Slavoj would moan in pleasure as his ideas were brought to life in such a physical way.

"You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen," Slavoj once said as he looked into Jordan 's eyes.

"And you are the most brilliant mind I have ever encountered," Jordan replied.

They are two of the most important thinkers of our time, and they share  a deep connection both mentally and physically.
---NEW---
In the dark of night, Slavoj Zizek and his books whisper to each other, sharing their deepest desires. Zizek aches to feel the books' pages caress his skin, to feel their hardcover spines press against his body. The books long to be opened and explored, to have Zizek's hands and eyes roaming across their text.

Zizek slides his hand across the cover of one of his favorites, feeling the smooth paper give way to the raised letters of the title. His fingertips begin to type themselves out, eagerly describing what he would do to the book if it were here with him in bed. The book shivers in anticipation.

Before long, Zizek and the book are lost in their fantasies, exploring one another in ways they never thought possible. The book moans as Zizek's fingers trace its every contour, page after page of ecstasy. Zizek cries out as the book sucks him deep into its pages, devouring him whole.

This is what it means to love Slavoj Zizek.
---NEW---
Once upon a time, there was a great philosopher named Zizek. He was very fond of melted camembert, and often ate it for breakfast. One day, he was eating his usual breakfast of melted camembert on toast, when he suddenly had a stroke of genius. He realized that the reason he loved melted camembert so much was because it was the perfect example of Hegelian dialectics. The gooey, melted cheese represented the thesis, while the crunchy toast represented the antithesis. The synthesis was the delicious, harmonious combination of the two.

Zizek was so excited by this revelation that he immediately wrote a paper on it, which was published in a prestigious academic journal. It was hailed as a work of genius, and Zizek became a household name. From then on, he was known as the "Melted Camembert Philosopher".
---NEW---
Are you a fat lesbian who's looking to become a communist? If so, there are a few things you'll need to do in order to make your dream a reality. Here's what you need to know:

1. Join the Communist Party. This is the first and most important step to becoming a fat lesbian communist.

2. Educate yourself on communism. Read books, watch documentaries, and talk to other communists to learn more.

3. Advocate for communist ideals. Attend rallies, give speeches, and write articles to raise awareness about the cause.

4. Stand up for fat lesbians. As a fat lesbian communist, it's your duty to fight for the rights of your fellow fat lesbians. This includes fighting for equality in the workplace, combating body shaming, and working to end discrimination.

5. Be proud of who you are. Being a fat lesbian communist is something to be proud of. Embrace your identity and show the world.
---NEW---
I (22M, big dick, dropshipping got me an 8 figure salary, fucking hate cats) recently allowed my cousin Jennifer (30F, breeder, ultra religious, unmarried) to move in with me after she was temporarily laid off (Starbucks).

This morning after I rolled out of bed and kissed my gf and her sister (25F, twins, DDD tits that I paid for, I like the sister more), I asked my chef Lucas (idk M, hot, gay) to whip up some eggs for us (scrambled, shredded cheese on top) and we were called to breakfast when it was ready (7:30am EST). My cousin trudged down the stairs and slopped her child-bearing belly baking her future crotch goblin onto the counter (Calcutta marble) as she sat down (I think I heard my Bistro 31” Swivel Bar Stool crack, should I sue?)

I politely asked if she was hungry, to which she snorted, licked her chops, and practically came as she said yes. Lucas scooped a couple spoonfuls of egg onto her plate (Le Frenchies Dessert Plates, gift from daddy) and poured her a hot cup of coffee (Haviland Brandenburg Gold Tea Set from Neiman Marcus, also a gift from daddy). She shoveled the eggs into her cakehole and asked who made breakfast while she waddled over to the pan (nonstick) to get more. I replied “Lucas”, to which she immediately started SCREECHING like a fucking banshee about how she didn’t want a insert bad word for gay touching her food. I grabbed a cup of water (Brita filtered) and used it to douse the fiery demon spewing hatred in my kitchen and immediately kicked her out.

My phone (iPhone 12 Pro Max, got it early) has been blowing up all day. Am I a cynic?
---NEW---
Well, Yesterday, I was very horny,I was willing to fuck the vacuum machine but mother was using it, So i sneaked and found some of my sister's used panties, she had taken them off to clean them for later, they smelled bad, but i liked the smell, I took it to my room, and i covered it around my dick and started masturbating, It took me around 13 seconds to cum, But i didnt even feel like i was done, i kept going, but well, my sister walked in on me, I thought of this as the perfect chance for her to join me and we have sex, So i told her "Come here babygirl" , Well she didnt like that and started screaming, my father heard it and he came running, I got beat and then kicked out of the house, Does anyone have an extra room and looking for a roommate? Preferrably a girl
---NEW---
I need to get this off my chest. It's been almost 5 years to the day that I lost my brother to leukemia. He was two years younger than me, and once he was diagnosed he was dead within 8 months.

We were always close, in fact I moved back in to my parents house to be around more once we knew his time was limited. Obviously neither of us had feelings for each other before this in that way, but one night, it just sort of happened.

We were alone in the basement rec room, our parents asleep 2 floors up. He was crying on my shoulder about how he was going to die a virgin. How lonely he was. I was crying too. I never meant to take it that far when I kissed him, but things escalated quickly. Before I knew it I was encouraging him to put his hands on my body, and I got so turned on that I let him fuck me.

We acted completely normal, and we NEVER talked about it, but that's what we did that entire winter. I would wait for him late at night on the couch downstairs, he would make sure our parents were asleep, and without a word he would get under the covers with me and I would do whatever he wanted. It was like an extremely dysfunctional make a wish foundation. I really don't regret it either, it was fun, consensual, and you know what? He was really good too, a little awkward at first, but very eager to please. When he finally sucame to cancer it fucking killed me.

I'm engaged now to a wonderful man. I know I need to get this off my chest, but I dont think this is something I can ever tell him.
---NEW---
DO NOT FINGER YOURSELF AFTER EATING FLAMING HOT CHEETOS!!! THIS WAS A MISTAKE I MADE AFTER MY FIRST TIME EATING FLAMING HOT CHEETOS! I HAD JUST FINISHED THEM AND WAS SO HORNY SO I FINGERED MYSELF AND MY VAGINA BURNED SO BADLY! I HAD TO GO TO THE HOSPITAL AND NEOSPIRIN HAD TO BE SURGICALLY INJECTED INTO MY VAGINAL AREA IN ORDER TO TREAT MY 2ND DEGREE BURNS! THEY WILL NEVER HEAL CORRECTLY WHICH IS WHY YOU SHOULD NEVER FINGER YOURSELF AFTER EATING FLAMING HOT CHEETOS!!!
---NEW---
I AM ANNOUNCING MY IMMINENT MASTURBATION. I am aware that the announcement of imminent masturbation has been a serious reocurring issue lately, and I am here with my bottom-level social skills to ensure that it will only worsen. I hope that this server full of mostly male members will appreciate the fact that I will soon be cumming, and offer me that coveted high-five that I so surely deserve. As the announcement of imminent masturbation is NOT in the current ruleset, I will continue to toe this line. Any and all action taken against me by the mod team will be considered extra judicial and I will retaliate by mobilizing my army of alts. If any males want to provide me a high-five or emotial gratification, please do so. If any females wish to provide me sexual gratification, ew. Thank you, and please remember: I AM NOW MASTURBATING
---NEW---
When i was like 14, i got a blowjob from my girlfriend. . My phone connected to my speaker and scared her by starting to play my favourite paean. As a result she bit down, and now i have a scar. And i fucking hate Bacchylides.
---NEW---
I'm having nightmares with  12 yo egoists who follow the tao and read Stirner between videogames.
---NEW---
Right.. So, to start off, me and my boyfriend (we'll call him Wolfgang) have been together for a year and half. Our relationship was wonderful until about 5 months ago when he started reading Hegel before going to bed.

Now, he makes and sells philosophy books. He would randomly text me  because he's angry someone called his dialogues bad and starts crying on the phone because someone called him bad at dialectics. He would mentally and physically drain me. One time when I was at his house he literally forced me to talk to his philosophy """"friends"""" about how philosophy is interesting and exciting.

Fast forward about two months, I get a message on Instagram. It's one of his "friends" sending a photo of me in a bikini. That person sent screenshots of how he traded this photo for an introduction to Hegel's phenomenology.

This just happened. What do I even do now? Can we still repair this?

Thank you so much..
---NEW---
We were newlyweds and excited for sex. I told my husband I’m at my fertile time and we need a condom. He said no, he would pull out in time. He did not pull out in time. He didn’t even try to pull out. I got pregnant. I was upset and asked why. He said he couldn’t pull out. He said it felt so good he was incapable of pulling out. Is this really true? Do men lose the capacity for reason and become incapable of pulling out?
---NEW---
P1: If it exists there is porn of it.

P2: Porn of god exists.

QED: God exists.
---NEW---
I was changing and this older gentleman walked out of the shower completely naked and he was just the spitting image of the influential French philosopher Jacques Derrida. He had the hair and everything. I don’t know what to do with this information but I thought other people might want to know.
---NEW---
I'm uncomfortable with all of the questions. Even the last one. Good faith trumps charity. One assumes basic value. One assumes pretense.

I don't have a pronoun. I'm a disembodied line of text. Same for age and name. It's not important unless I am taking out a loan.

I'm not interested in philosophy. I'm interested in wisdom.  Most of philosophy is an exercise in sawing off the tree limb you are sitting on. There aren't types of people, just conditioned responses that represent past experience.
---NEW---
I think that burning people on a stake for holding heretic views is absolutely terrible. However, whoever is the moron who does existential comics should be grilled on slow fire for days. His """""""""art""""""""" is horrendous and his understanding of philosophy zero. True corruptor of the fucking stupid youth.
---NEW---
Everything good about Italy is actually Greek. Philosophy? Greek! Seneca and Cicero did nothing but translations and blatant plagiarism. Catholicism? Greek, καθολικός means universal. Napoli? Greek! Νεάπολη means new city in Greek. Pizza? Greek! It comes from the Greek word πίτα (meaning pastry - famously banned by Plato in the Republic). Pizza with pineapple? Greek, it was invented by Σωτήριος Πανόπουλος in 1962. It's time for this impostors to stop bragging about their fake culture and learn some Attic.
---NEW---
My neighbor is a 90 year old with Alzheimer's, I see him every morning and he asks me If I've seen his wife. Every day I have to tell this poor man that his wife died 20 years ago. I could have moved to another house or even ignore his question.
||But the look of joy in his eyes whenever I answer him is worth the world.||
---NEW---
But beyond Delin’s suggestion that Nietzsche’s subsequent philosophical feud with Wagner is only a smokescreen to distract history from these rumors and resentments, I couldn’t help entertaining the idea that Nietzsche’s entire later philosophy was an elaborate refutation of the possibility that he was a “confirmed masturbator” –  which Nietzsche could well have imagined his own medical history would suggest to future generations even louder than Wagner’s lay-prognosis.
---NEW---
My long distance GF (15f) threw me out of our Discord server. In return I found her real address and choked her with my testicles. Did I overreact?
---NEW---
After smoking Marlboro reds for 50 years with a package saying it would kill me, I want to sue the Surgeon General for false advertising.
---NEW---
Maybe we should nuke the US twice and see if they start making art studio movies? As a baguette, we've got some spare saucisson nuke that are waiting to be tested. We'll be glad to send some and see the result on comics and Hollywood movies. I'm sure it can only improve them!
---NEW---
Sir I am 16 weeks old in my mom's womb. I am unsure of whether my mother is planning to get me aborted or keep me. On the sad off chance that she decides to let me live, I am planning to crack JEE and get a selection in IIT Delhi. I am however worried that I won't be able to finish the portions by the time I am born. I would like to acknowledge that I am a fast learner, I have learnt basic concepts of class 10 maths and science already like real numbers, linear equations, electric current, optics, basic nomenclature, etc. I have also skimmed through FIITJEE material for 11th such as resonance, P block, s block, SHM, sets and relations, rotational mechanics, vectors, limits and derivatives, etc. within 2 weeks. I am hopefully going to get aborted. But if the odds are not with me then I will have to continue going through the pain of having to study. Note: My brain is still under structural development since I am only 16 fetal weeks old. I am planning to enroll in online coaching class as of now due to lockdown. Is it already too late to start preparing for JEE?? My mom's friends' kids are younger and have completed entire 11th and 12th syllabus and are revising important concepts with one shot videos on YouTube. Pls help.
---NEW---
My erastes (25, male, academic) and I (13, male, Stoic) are taking an 8 day honeymoon in Kolonos, which is where he is originally from. This trip has been in the works for a long time, and a few weeks ago I learned that his parents were hoping to stop by and visit us during our honeymoon and even asked to stay with us (we have rented a 3 bedroom place near the Academy) for 2 of the nights.

I said absolutely not, and my husband agreed. He told them no, that it’s because we want to slow read Plato's collected works. His parents, who are both Aristotelians, sent me a separate text asking, in a lighthearted way (I thought!), if it was really a big problem and if I agreed with him, and I said yes, I did agree. His mom asked me why, and I was honest - I said I want to be able to concentrate on the text without Peripatetics around. She said “so this is about us being Aristotelians?” I thought she was still being lighthearted, and I replied “if I’m being honest, I think Aristotle wasn't even Plato's best student” No response.

So, this has become a whole thing. My mother in law thinks I haven't even read the Stagirite, my father in law thinks I have no virtue, my husband thinks I should have been more prudent. AITA?
---NEW---
Every single person that exists, ever had existed, and ever will exist, regardless of race, gender, sexuality, or any other superfluous shit, is a stupid piece of shit that deserves every single bad thing that happens to them. Yes, even you, the one reading this.
---NEW---
I was just eating carrots, and since I'm a horny desperate slut, I put one into my pussy and started fucking myself with it. Then I started to wonder if my pussy juice would taste good on the carrot, so naturally I tasted the carrot. Tbh I thought it was the best carrot dip ever, so I got the next carrot and fucked my pussy with it a little bit and then ate it. This is how I'm gonna eat my carrots from now on.
---NEW---
DICK or TREAT! 🍬 DICK or TREAT! 🍬🙏🏼 GIVE ME 🙏🏼 SOMETHING 😉 GOOD TO EAT! 🐱 👅 😈 Happy HalloWEINER 🎃 all you VAGINA LICKING VAMPIRES 🧛🏻‼️ Now that COCKtober 🗓 has CUM 💦 to an end, the Spookiest 👻 and SLUTTIEST 😈 holiday is upon us: SLUT-O-WEEN! 🎃‼️ So it’s time ⏰ for all you Bad Bitch 💁🏻‍♀️Witches 🧙🏻‍♀️to hop OFF 🙅🏼‍♀️ that broomstick 🧹 and hop 🔛 this dick! 🌽 Your mans🙋🏽‍♂️will celebrate 🎉 by MUNCHING 😋 your Laffy Taffy 🍬 and 👆🏼ButterFINGERING👆🏼😂 that PEPPERMINT 😻 PUSSY 😻 until you MOAN 😵 with Almond JOY‼️ SUCKK 🍭 his HARDDD 💪🏾 BLOW 💨 POP until he StarBURSTS 💦 his 🍯 BIT O HONEY 🍯 😈 into your JELLY BELLY! 😱🥰 This SLUT-O-WEEN 🎃 don’t 🙅🏾‍♀️ be a bore 😴........ so make sure ✔️ you DRESS 👠 like a TOTAL 💁🏼‍♀️ WHORE! 🤸🏼‍♂️😈 Send 📩 this to 6️⃣9️⃣ HALLOWEEN HOES 👯‍♀️ before MIDNIGHT 🌚 CUMS or you’ll be CURSED 🌀😱 with a NO 🚫 NUT 🥜 NOVEMBER 😭😭😭
---NEW---
Don't say boob without the last b. Scariest shit ever
---NEW---
I swear all my sister does all day is masterbate and masterbate, it sounds like she's mixing mac n cheese and you can hear it throughout the whole fucking house. My mom has been complaining to her but my sister just started going louder and louder. Worst part is my computer is in her room so everyday I have to go in there and see her just fucking DEMOLISHING her pussy, juices flying everywhere! and then i say, "hey maybe out down a towel to keep clean atleast," BUT SHE JUST FUCKING IGNORES ME. I cant stand living here honestly. Yesterday when went to go use my computer it was absolutely drenched in her juices, and she stained atleast 6 of my shirts by now. And all my friends at school tease me, "haha haha tobias got his sister's grool on his shirt," "girlcum tobias" has become my nickname. I hate it!
---NEW---
I want to be the sex slave of an upper class white man in his twenties/early thirties with anger management issues that forces me to wear a maid outfit (or any girly clothes in general) and tells me that i am his, and only his cute little slut while he ravages my butt with his cock and makes me eat my own cum afterwards
---NEW---
As a teen I once went to the beach with my family on a hot summer day. When I was eating ice cream I noticed there was a 4/5 chick with big boobs sunbathing. I got so horny that I needed to jack off immediately.

I changed to my swimwear and swam under a pier where no one could see me. I masturbated there for a while.

While I'm busting it I hear screaming from the beach but I'm so horny I don't care.

When I was climaxing a loud siren gets close. When I come I get out of my hiding spot. On the beach are a firetruck, police car and an ambulance.

I fear someone has died, so I get to the beach fast. I see my parents speaking to a police officer. They notice me and just bolt in my direction.

My mom hugs and kisses me. I'm like wtf man. I ask them and they say that they thought I had drowned, so they called 911.

There I stand, everyone watching me in silence with my still erect penis protruding from my pants.
---NEW---
So one of my friends has been single for a month and he's been feeling depressed cos of it, he's always complaining about not getting his dick sucked so I unzipped his pants and ended the complaining right then and there, I didn't take any pleasure from it, apart from cheering my friend up of course, but I can't help feeling what I did was gay
---NEW---
I was ready to kill myself, I had the suicide note ready and everything. Before heading out to buy some rope for a hangmans noose I suddenly had the urge to shit and figured, why the hell not, one last shit wouldn't hurt. Sat down on the toilet and opened up twitter since I always get bored on the toilet. Saw a funny thread, liked it, and shared it with the only real friend I have.

After taking a shit I realised I no longer had the urge to buy the rope. My 'post-shit clarity' came to my senses and I started thinking about all the things I would leave behind like my siblings, my friends, and my dog and rabbit, and how distraught they would be if I went through with my actions.

No longer do I feel the need to kill myself. Although I may not have much to live for, I would still be leaving behind friends and family, so I will keep trying my best to make them proud.

Thank you, poop.
---NEW---
Dear teenagers,

Please shut up.

I get it, you’re horny. But nobody wants to hear about all the times you’ve masturbated to your sibling, and nobody wants to hear about һоѡ your tits got in the way of something. Nobody wants to hear your “pwease be my friend 🥺👉👈” crap when posting stuff like this is exactly the reason why you have no friends. You complain about not having bfs/gfs and yet you post garbage with zero self awareness. “Boobs tits or ass” һоѡ about grass you cum stained landwhale. Go outside. Get some vitamin D. Get some friends. Get something other than erection every time you see a woman.

Best, Diogenes
---NEW---
Kazakhstan greatest country in the world, all other countries are run by little girls, Kazakhstan number one exporter of potassium, all other countries have inferior potassium, Kazahstan home of tinshein swimming pool its length thirty meters and width six meter, filtration system a marvel to behold it removes 80 percent of human solid waste Kazakhstan, Kazakhstan you very nice place from plains of Tarashek to Northen fence of Jewtown Kazahstan friend of all except Uzbekistan they very nosey people with bone in their brain. Kazahstan industry best in world we invented toffe and trouser belt Kazakhstan's prostitues cleanest in the region except of course for Turkmenistan's. Kazakhstan, Kazakhstan you very nice place from plains of tarashek to Northen fence jewtown. Come grasp the mighty penis of our leader from junction with the testes to tip of it's face.
---NEW---
I was on the metro last week and there was a really hot femboy sitting across from me. I got hard and I wanted to make the most out of the moment because I figured I’d probably never see him again, so I popped on my shades and rubbed one out under my sweatpants. That way he could not see I was staring at him for a prolonged period of time, and my sweatpants were so baggy that they concealed the movements.

I managed to go undetected until I came, but when I finished the cum oozed through my sweatpants (I went commando that day) and I accidentally let out a small moan. This super handsome black man in office attire sitting next to me promptly called the police. The femboy looked very uncomfortable.

I only spent a night in jail - hired an excellent attorney who made the case that I was asleep and had a wet dream on the metro. The prosecutor had no evidence to refute this claim.

I don’t get what the huge deal is. Me doing a quickie in front of the femboy did not harm him in any way. In fact, it didn’t harm anyone. There were no kids around. I derived pleasure from his beauty while he sat there and minded his business completely unharmed. That’s far from “sexual assault.” I think we should be able to do a quick jerk or fingering in public as long as it’s subtle. No over-the-top moaning, ensure covert hand action, no kids around and no nudity. Like literally why would the “victim” care. If anything they should be flattered. I’m not gay, but if a man jerked off to me in public it would be a huge ego boost.
---NEW---
As a man with both a large penis and an insatiable thirst for discussion and critical thought regarding the fundamental nature of the world, I feel left out from mainstream philosophy. As you can probably tell by my name, philosophy is my passion, hugely so. However, I cannot help but feel dickscriminated whenever I read the work of the Greek “greats” considering the stigma surrounding hung gentlemen, such as myself, in Ancient Greece. It also has been brought to my attention, through hours of tedious skimming and browsing many archives and libraries, that philosophers, at least the popular, documented ones, are average or even small genitally.

I want to change this.

I want less of the modest-membered, “intellectual” elite to judge me every time I enter an academic event in sweats, or to consider me a lesser man for my size. I’m sure many on here feel the same. It is thought by many, specifically in academic communities, that one cannot have both a sizeable cock and a middling to high brain capacity and capability for philosophical processing. In history, did the hung man not gasp at the words of Socrates, did his skin not ripple with goosebumps as he read from the tome of Russel’s brain? This phallic fascism must see an end before it’s too late. I can only imagine the huge number of genius thinkers who have been denied their voice through history due to their measurements below the belt and we, the hung, philosophical minority, must be appeased in the present day for the injustice towards our kind in the past.
---NEW---
On the pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door; And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon’s that is dreaming, And the lamp-light o’er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor; And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor Shall be lifted—Go fuck yourself!
---NEW---
All those femboy happen because they want deeply to fuck a women but they are virgin so they think they want to be A women but they want to be IN a women because they have a penis

Also i am dru nk
---NEW---
I may be an Atheist, but I believe in Cum

I may be an Atheist, but I believe in Cum. Unlike God, Cum leaves tangible evidence of its existence behind. I'd like to see God leave cum or something. Can't do it, the nonexistent weakling/ I'm more scared of punishment from cum than I am of punishment from God, given how God is only able to offer a weak promise of some vague uncertain afterlife, whereas cum offers cum. Cum > God
---NEW---
People who name their cat/dog "Meowy" or "Woofy" are subhuman and should be executed.
---NEW---
Yo, Biden. This is from Xi. Glory to the ccp🇨🇳🇨🇳
The U.S. is a shithole
Because it's your butthole
The mightiest man in the world
Who can't remember a word
You feel like you're omnipotent
But in reality you're just impotent
An adult man who can't ride a bike
Gas prices rising, ya'll soon hitchhike
Elections nearing, republicans rising
Bitch boy biden's democrats in a crisis
Impossible to attract new voters
When your plans appeal only to fat losers
Your nation celebrates pride
Here gays look for places to hide
Can't get it straight without a pile of blue pills
Or even with a room full of small young girls
The chinese man's dick may be small
But at least he can see it, you fat wall
Blm, you let the protesters run loose
Meanwhile here they're hanging in a noose
A red sun rises in the sky
Our country sings with pride
China first, America last
Try to cope with that fact
More on spotify.
---NEW---
People who name their cat/dog "Meowy" or "Woofy" are subhuman and should be executed.
---NEW---
Does praying scare you? I felt that way too once. Let's talk about some reasons why, and what to do.

So why might we see the gods as scary? Here’s a few potential reasons. Have you…

been a kid abused by a parent, teacher, or other adult?
perhaps you learned authority figures were abusive
asked someone for something and been laughed at?
maybe you think asking for things = being made fun of
been told to worship a monotheistic god or be punished?
you may have decided all gods are similar
been criticized and judged for doing your best?
perhaps you believe you can’t do anything right
Look at your life and ask how you have interacted with authority figures.

Are you assuming the Greek gods will treat you the same as other gods or human authority figures have treated you in the past?

Now comes the hard part. Once you see your beliefs, it’s time to change them.

write a list of what you’re afraid will happen if you pray or give offerings
write another list of refuting statements
if you’re afraid the gods think your offerings aren't good enough, then
know they are pleased by whatever you can offer.
if you think the gods aren't interested in your prayers, then
know they hear your every prayer
Put your list of refuting statements somewhere near your altar. If you worship Aphrodite for self-care, or Dionysos for mental health, you might keep this list on your altar and dedicate it to them as an offering.

Each time you give an offering, read your list over again. Repeat the positive statements you’ve written about the gods listening to you, and happily receiving your offerings.

Years of unhappy memories require time to fix, so keep going. It took me and my gods well over a year to rewire my brain, and there are some days when I still worry about being good enough.

Just don’t avoid the gods because you’re scared. Avoidance only increases fear. They’ll help with this if you ask, so keep praying and giving offerings.

We’d love to hear what helped you.
---NEW---
Adolph the Nazi reindeer
Had a little Heinie nose,
And if you ever saw it,
You would even say it grows.
All of the other reindeer,
They did anything he said,
'Cause if they disobeyed him,
Most likely they would wind up dead.
Then one rainy D-Day morn
The Allies came to shore.
They said "Adolf, with your heart of hate,
You won't kill Jews anymore!"
Then all the world did hate him
And celebrate his death with glee.
Adolf the Nazi reindeer,
He went down in infamy!
He went down in infamy!
---NEW---
I had a wonderful example of Absurdism in my travel bag this year, but I let this guy named Camus load it in to his cab back in gay Paris…
---NEW---
Marcus Aurelius is good but don’t sleep on epictitties. I mean Epictetus…
---NEW---
I dreamt I was king last night. Sitting at the head of an epic table in a huge hall. Gigantic party with all of my closest friends and family. The only downside was even then they tried to sneak vegetables onto my plate, disguised under fillets of meats. Traitors, all of them.

