Is an unhappy life better than no life at all?
Should sex be preserved for procreation
Should education be run by the state?
Should we consider Sisyphus happy?
Is it easier to image the end of the world than it is to image the end of capitalism? (Jameson, Zizek)
Is wrongdoing a form of ignorance (Socrates)
"If God exists, then everything, including blowing up thousands of innocent bystanders, is permitted — at least to those who claim to act directly on behalf of God, since, clearly, a direct link to God justifies the violation of any merely human constraints and considerations." (Slavoj Žižek)
"The degree and kind of a man's sexuality reach up into the ultimate pinnacle of his spirit." (Nietzsche)
Does Philosophy remove from Religion all reason for existing? (Benedetto Croce)
"The beginning of wisdom is the ability to call things by their proper names." (Confucius)
Would the happy feeling you would get from Brave New World's Soma be true happiness?
“When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.” (Friedrich Nietzsche)
The rich, by unfair combinations, contribute frequently to prolong a season of distress among the poor. (Thomas Malthus)
As a solution to poverty and starvation, should the poor sell their infants as food for the rich? (Johnathen Swift)
Should the world engage in unilateral nuclear disarmament?
Are birds real? This is not a chair 🪑
Should the discovery extraterestrial life be made confidential as to prevent global panic?
Were the pre-socratics the high point of philosophy? (Heidegger)
"The most common form of despair is not being who you are." (Soren Kierkegaard)
"Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful." (Seneca)
"Who looks outside dreams; who looks inside awakes" (allegedly Carl Jung)
"A tree cannot grow to reach the heavens without the roots growing to reach hell" (allegedly Carl Jung)
"The rarest of human qualities is consistency" (Jeremy Bentham)
"Any person capable of angering you becomes your master" (Epictetus)
Ignore fact and reason, live entirely in the world of your own fantastic and myth-producing passions; do this whole-heartedly and with conviction, and you will become one of the prophets of your age. (B. Russell,source: https://fakenous.net/?cat=19 )
It is an essential part of European culture to dehumanize outgroups.
"Philosophy is indeed just the doctrine that is meant to liberate man from an infinite number of finite purposes and goals, and to make him indifferent to them such that it is indeed all the same to him whether such things are or not." (Hegel)
An underrated side effect of Tinder is the reintroduction of physiognomy back into the culture
"thinking…is no more and no less an organ of perception than the eye or ear. Just as the eye perceives colours and the ear sounds, so thinking perceives ideas." Occultist Rudolf Steiner on Goethe in Goethan Science (1883)
"We often refuse to accept an idea merely because the tone of voice in which it has been expressed is unsympathetic to us." (Friedrich Nietzsche)
Is the industrial society in line with the Stoic conception of “living in accordance with nature”





Was Jesus an atheist when he screamed out “Eli Eli lama sabagthani” on the cross? (Rephrase and add references here)
