Should secular countries abolish public holidays based on the Christian tradition and adopt a new calendar?
Is “the law” sacred?
Do moral duties exist?
Pleasure is the only thing good in itself
Should images created by computers (ai) ever be considered art?
Was Atlantis real? (as to be found in Plato's works)
The most natural way of living as a human being is as a hunter-gatherer
Is the road to hell paved with good intentions?
Is the best job for a true philosopher being a shepard or farmer? (Mosonius Rufus)
Is philosophy dead, now we have science? (Hawkings)
The state should be as small as possible.
The state should be abolished in favor of a stateless society.
Should Ancient Greek and/or Latin be used more as a replacement for English in academic writing?
Is egoism inherently a bad thing?
A true (Stoic) sage only appears every 200 years or so (Seneca)
Becoming a true sage is unattainable
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy. (Beethoven)
It is superstitious to put ones hope in formalities, but arrogant to refuse to submit to them. (B.Pascal)
Are the classics obsolete? Should we focus on newer commentaries and contemporary Philosophy?
Our aesthetic judgements are grounded on imagination not the actual world.
Is God dead? (Nietzsche)
Is greed inherently a bad thing?
Should you ever take advice from a celebrity?
Was Achilles a true historical person?
Should you reject modernity and embrace tradition?
Can altruism be something negative?
The unexamined life is not worth living (Socrates)
Did Jesus exist, was he a real person?
Happiness is the highest good (Aristotle)
The mind is everything; what you think you become (Buddha)
The highest wisdom is to have no doubts (Confucius)
Meaning in life is something that must be actively created and pursued (Sartre)
Power is not something that is possessed, but something that is constantly negotiated and exercised (Foucault)
The self is not a fixed entity, but a fluid and constantly changing process (Heidegger)
Are the works of Ayn Rand real philosophy?
The only good is knowledge, and the only evil is ignorance  (Socrates)
Does copyright prevent the spread of knowledge and education?
Have the industrial revolution and it's consequences been a disaster for the human race? (Kaczynski)
Is a tobacco tax a good thing?
Is gender (not biological sex) a social construct?
The subject is a product of power relations (Foucault)
The only reality is the one I create in my mind (Sartre)
Everything before analytic philosophy is not real philosophy, but the history of philosophy
You cannot have true morals without believing in some sort of deity
Was the enlightenment a bad thing?
Most philosophers agree with each other, what they truly disagree over is the terminology used for it
There are no eternal truths (Nietzsche)
The only thing that is good is the good will (Kant)
Language is not a neutral medium for communication, but is a site of power and contestation (Derrida)
It is possible to come to a rational conclusion that god must exist
The world is a king, and like a king, desires flattery in return for favor; but true art is selfish and perverse — it will not submit to the mold of flattery. (Beethoven)
My point is not that everything is bad, but that everything is dangerous. If everything is dangerous, then we always have something to do. So my position leads not to apathy but to a hyper- and pessimistic activism. (Foucault)
Is it surprising that prisons resemble factories, schools, barracks, hospitals, which all resemble prisons? (Foucault)
Man is a mystery: if you spend your entire life trying to puzzle it out, then do not say that you have wasted your time. (Dostoyevsky)
There is objective proof that homosexuality is more interesting than heterosexuality. It's that one knows a considerable number of heterosexuals who would wish to become homosexuals, whereas one knows very few homosexuals who would really like to become heterosexuals. (Foucault)
Should we embrace tradition and reject modernity?
The Brothers Karamazov is the most magnificent novel ever written; the episode of the Grand Inquisitor, one of the peaks in the literature of the world, can hardly be valued too highly. (Freud)
Nothing is more humiliating than to see idiots succeed in enterprises we have failed in. (Flaubert)
Qualitatively different contradictions can only be resolved by qualitatively different methods. (Mao)
I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. (Eleanor Roosevelt)
Better to live one year as a tiger, than a hundred as sheep. (Madonna)
Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self. (Godard)
Men are like fish; the great ones devour the small. (Romani proverb)
Adversity is the mother of wisdom. (Vietnamese proverb)
Are conspiracy theories to be taken seriously?
I don't think about technique. The ideas dictate everything. You have to be true to that or you're dead. (David Lynch)
It's always wrong to hate, but it's never wrong to love. (Lady Gaga)
Never did Christ utter a single word attesting to a personal resurrection and a life beyond the grave. (Tolstoy)
I avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward. (Charlotte Brontë)
No one is completely unhappy at the failure of his best friend. (Groucho Marx)
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. (Jane Austen)
The Negro enslaved by his inferiority, the white man enslaved by his superiority alike behave in accordance with a neurotic orientation. (Fanon)
Independence without freedom is worse than no independence. (Ho Chi Minh)
Doing research on the Web is like using a library assembled piecemeal by pack rats and vandalized nightly. (Roger Ebert)
Ugliness with a good character is better than beauty. (Nigerian proverb)
When you have more than you need, build a longer table—not a higher fence. (Funke Abimbola)
Death, when we come to consider it closely, is the true goal of our existence. (Mozart)
There is no 'true'. There are merely ways of perceiving truth. (Flaubert)
Neither a person nor a nation can exist without some higher idea. And there is only one higher idea on earth, and it is the idea of the immortality of the human soul, for all other "higher" ideas of life by which humans might live derive from that idea alone. (Dostoyevsky)
All western philosophy is just a footnote to Plato
Was the trial of Socrates fair?
To become a true philosopher you can't only read, you also need to produce
Is progress always a good thing?
Should private property be abolished
Should childhood obesity be considered child abuse?
Should governments pay students to attend universities? (e.g. Denmark's Statens Uddannelsesstøtte)
Human affairs would be in a happier state if people had as much ability to keep silent as they have to speak out (Spinoza)
The fundamental duty of a ruler is to preserve unity because without it communal life loses its advantage.
There is no place in science for ideas. (Quine)
The developed world has a duty to improve conditions in poor countries.
Art should have a valid meaning that goes beyond a small circle of experts.
The work of art is an unreality. (Sartre)
Do you prefer knowledge or wisdom?
The death of God is also the death of man.
Taking a philosophy seriously means acting upon it.
All punishment in itself is evil. (Bentham)
Prudence and courage should engage us to rid ourselves at once of existence when it becomes a burden. (Hume)
"It is impossible to conceive anything at all on the world, or even out of it, which can be taken as good without qualification, except a good will." (Kant)
Reason demands nothing contrary to nature. (Spinoza)
It is rational to be unjust, as long as you can avoid punishment.
A person is morally responsible for what he has done only if he could have done otherwise.
The real question about determinism is what it would be rational to do if determinism were true. (Peter Strawson)
It is more important that our theory fit the facts than that it be simple. (W.D. Ross)
Does nature always work in the best way? (Thomas Aquinas)
Is talking about ethics a language game?
Is the distinction between past, present and future only a stubbornly persistent illusion? (Albert Einstein)
Do ideas facilitate the production of technology OR does technology facilitate the production of ideas?
Is deductive reasoning the greatest contribution of the Greeks?
Is Aquinas the best philosopher of the Middle Ages?
Do you prefer analytic or continental philosophy?
If you understand something fully, but cannot explain it, do you actually fully understand it?
"A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read" ( M.Twain Collins dictionary of literary quotations, section: Classics)
Do Good Samaritan laws violate the bodily integrity of individuals?
Is the history of all hitherto existing society the history of class struggles? (Marx)
Is it the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it? (Misattributed to Aristotle)
Without music, would life be a mistake? (Nietzsche)
Is talent a question of quantity or quality?
Any idiot can make a grammar rule and only idiots would keep it.
Poetry is despair camouflaged as happiness. (paraphrase from Max Jacob)
It's very difficult to write about being happy. Very easy to write about being miserable. (Philip Larkin, The Observer, 1979)
The two most engaging powers of an author are to make new things familiar, and familiar things new. (Samuel Johnson, 'Pope', The lives of the English poets)
Of course we can learn even from novels, Nace Novels that is, ut it isn't the same thing as serious readings. [H.G. Wells, Kipps]
Since the discovery of printing, knowledge has been called to power, and power has been used to make knowledge a slave (Napoleon I, Maxims)
Is wage labor a modern form of slavery?
Are all states oppressive by nature?
Does history repeat itself?
Can studying be an end (and not a means to another goal)?
Are capitalism and anarchism compatible?
Are you actually a philosophy fan when you've only read Western philosophy and not Eastern?
Is there a realm of the forms? (Plato)
Is there any use in studying the "science" of the pre-socratic philosophers?
Does objective truth exist?
Is there any use in reading Homer's works?
Does objective morality exist?
Is there any use in reading poetry?
Is Attic Greek the language most suitable for philosophy?
Should we ban certain books?
Is German the language most suitable for philosophy?
Is democracy the best way to run a government/country?
Would you rather be a happy uninformed idiot unaware of current events than a depressed informed aware genius?
Was universal suffrage (every adult citizen can vote) a mistake?
Bioethics: do you support the creation of designer babies that select for traits like intelligence?
Is representative democracy true democracy?
Do you think Ukraine and Russia are heading towards war?
If watergate happened in today’s political climate would Nixon been made to resign?
Is starting a war ever justified?
Would society still function well if the main type of marriage became polygamous?
Is the scientific method the only valid way to discern truths?
Do the limits of my language mean the limits of my world? (Wittgenstein)
"He who does not know foreign languages, knows nothing of his own." (Goethe)
Should holocaust denial be illegal?
Cynics have claimed there are only six basic plots. Frankenstein and My Fair Lady are really the same story. (Leslie Halliwell, The Filmgoer's Book of Quotes)
Are insomniacs the ideal readers?
Should poetry be read as music and not as oratory? (Based on Ezra Pound, "Vers Libre and Arnold Dolmetsch")
Is the cheque-book the most important book?
If artists and poets are unhappy, it is after all because happiness does not interest them. (George Santayana, The Sense of Beauty)
We are, I know not how, double in ourselves, so that what we believe we disbelieve, and cannot rid ourselves of what we condemn. (Montaigne)
Is the immortality of the soul of such powerful importance that one would have to have all feeling not to care about knowing whether it is a reality or not? (Based on Pascal)
All the opinions in the world point out that pleasure is our aim. (Montaigne)
Who should have priority: the family or the individual?
Is animal testing, even in a clinical setting, unethical?
Is Scientism a form of religion?
Is human life some kind of mistake? (Based on Schopenhauer)
Are the laws of conscience derived from nature or custom? (Based on Montaigne)
What counts is the strength of your will to power. Most humans are like worms. Worms are made to be squashed on the ground. It's that, or enjoy them eating your rotting corpse.
Should any man over 20 know how to look after himself without a doctor? (Based on Montaigne)
Should art become less expensive?
Is stealing always wrong?
Can animals be creative?
Should we get accustomed to regarding the world as a penal colony? (Based on Schopenhauer, On the suffering of the world)
The most solid philosophical opinions are the most human ones. (Montaigne)
"With man sexual gratification is tied to a very obstinate selectivity which is sometimes intensified into a more or less passionate love. Thus sexuality becomes for man a source of brief pleasure and protracted suffering." Do you agree with Schopenhauer that romantic usually leads to suffering?
Is enjoying one's nature an absolute perfection? (Based on Montaigne)
"The animals are much more content with mere existence than we are; the plants are wholy so; and man is so according to how dull and insensitive he is." Do you agree with Schopenhauer that dullness is a bliss in humans?
Can a translation be better than it's original?
"Is man the measure of all things, of the reality of those which are, and of the unreality of those which are not?" (Protagoras)
In a group of a million people, can lasting social organization be established without a state?
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me! (Is this correct?)
Do philosophical problems arise when language goes on holiday? (Wittgenstein)
Without justice states are just unions of criminals. (Augustine, De Civitate Dei)
Do you believe in Karma?
Do big corporations at a certain size become utilities, and should they therefore be privatized?
Should prisons be aimed at curing rather than punishing?
Should billionaires exist?
Is Jesus the most influential human of all time?
Should prostitution be legal?
Is reading the best way to learn?
Should the death penalty ever be considered as a punishment?
You are what you think
Have we reached the end of history?
Are humans hierarchical by nature (as opposed to egalitarian)?
Is Alex from A Clockwork Orange the perfect Homeric hero?
The sole arbiter of beauty is taste.
Is there such a thing as "a priori" knowledge?
Is excessive doubt ultimately pointless?
Is there an afterlife?
Is knowledge justified true belief?
Can we understand an idea without knowing its history?
Is suicide immoral?
Is human speech significantly different from animal utterance?
Can subjective experience be explained by examining our physiology?
Should euthanazia be legalized?
Is the mind entirely distinct from the body?
Do Platonic forms exist?
Should induction be used as the basis of science?
Should "anything go" when doing science?
Should central banks be abolished?
Are stereotypes generally true?
Is philosophy useful?
Is there objectively bad art?
Can videogames be art?
Is there a God?
Does objective truth exist?
Does History have an end?
Do aliens exist?
What does historical significance mean?
An evil individual is someone with evil actions or evil thoughts?
Do miracles happen?
Is there moral progress in history?
Is philosophy a surrogate for therapy?
Are people in academics the modern sophists?
Should religious practices be rooted in beliefs supported by reason?
Has philosophy been in decline since Ancient Athens?
Do we ever see who we are for ourselves?
The limits of my language mean the limits of my world. (Wittgenstein)
The interpretation of dreams is the royal road to a knowledge of the unconscious activities of the mind. (Freud)
Philosophy is not a theory but an activity. (Wittgenstein)
The wish to talk to God is absurd. We cannot talk to one we cannot comprehend — and we cannot comprehend God; we can only believe in Him. The uses of prayer are thus only subjective. (Kant)
At bottom God is nothing more than an exalted father. (Freud)
The world is the totality of facts, not of things. (Wittgenstein)
To be aware of limitations is already to be beyond them. (Hegel)
Is our world real?
Cruelty and intolerance to those who do not belong to it are natural to every religion. (Freud)
Do we have free will?
We may become the makers of our fate when we have ceased to pose as its prophets. (Karl Popper)
Are there moral facts?
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise. (Freud)
Is there life after death?
What experience and history teach is this — that nations and governments have never learned anything from history, or acted upon any lessons they might have drawn from it. (Hegel)
Will religion ever become obsolete?
Beauty has no obvious use; nor is there any clear cultural necessity for it. Yet civilization could not do without it. (Freud)
Does the study of philosophy ever lead to answers?
Can animals have morals?
Is justice a human construct?
Should there be limitations to free speech?
Should euthanasia be legal?
Do business owners have the right to refuse service to customers?
Would a government run with algorithms, A.I., and statistics be better than the government we have now?
Would the world be a better place if everyone looked the same?
Is poverty inevitable?
Do you think there will ever be a global government?
Does might make right?
Is hierarchy necessary?
Will marriage ever become obsolete?
Pre-industrialization human beings lived better.
Are there extra-terrestrials?
Is God dead?
The only true philosophical problem is suicide. (A. Camus)
Can man's knowledge go beyond his experience? (J. Locke)
Does liberty consist in doing what you desire? (J.S.Mill)
Is philosophy a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language? (L. Wittgenstein)
Is happiness the highest good? (Aristotle)
Does language affect our thinking?
Should euthanasia be legal?
Should governments prevent citizens from harming themselves?
Is democracy the best form of government?
Is technological progress a good thing?
Can a society exist without laws?
Was the invention of the atomic bomb a good thing?
Will art ever become obsolete?
Is a good fake art too?
Do we have a soul?
Should all museums become free?
Can porn be art?
Is it okay to help others without their consent?
Can a human love a non human?
Are humans equal?
Can the study of philosophy make us better people?
Is the unexamined life worth living?
If it was guaranteed it would always make the right decisions, would you let an AI make every decision for you?
Does history have an end?
There should be some randomness in the modern democratic process to lower the chances of election fraud?
Is analytic philosophy the real philosophy (and the rest the history of philosophy)?
Do wealthy people have an obligation to help the poor?
Is race a social construct?
Is the existence of the state legitimate?
Can computers think?
Can governments only exist because they claim a monopoly on violence?
Are emotions irrational?
Is happiness the purpose of life?
If everyone was moral, would police be unnecessary?
A is an AI which in all respects is your best possible friend but lacks only one feature - consciousness. B has a human consciousness but also has many characteristics you deem undesirable for a friend. You have to choose one for a life long friendship which one is it? Note: Assume you know perfectly well what you want.
Is childhood a social construct?
Science is the art of systematic over-simplification. (Karl Popper)
Gender is a kind of imitation for which there is no original. (Judith Butler)
Is pornography a form of rape?
Should gun ownership be allowed?
Victory won by violence is tantamount to defeat. (Gandhi)
Is education and science in danger now more than ever before?
Do you commit murder when you eat meat?
Judging whether life or is not worth living is the fundamental question of philosophy (A. Camus)
Is language a tool for thinking or communicating?
Is philosophy obsolete?
Is all evil a form of ignorance?
Can art be defined?
Would you kill ten people to save one?
Can animals reason?
Does everything have a cause?
Is cannibalism ever justified?
Is it ever justified to ban people from having children?
Should polygamous marriages become legal?
Nothing can be taught us of which we have not already in our minds the idea.(Leibniz)
Can propaganda ever be a good thing?
Is cinema a reflection of American capitalism?
Should consensual sex between children be allowed?
Do abstract objects have mind-independent existence?
Do we control language or language controls us? (Question by Ali Khan)
What is the purpose of consciousness? (submitted by Klara)
Is success usually the result of hard work?
Does the proposition "I exist" have a special kind of certainty as Descertes thinks?
Is an unhappy life better than no life at all?
Did Jesus an atheist when he screamed out “Eli Eli lama sabagthani” or "My God, My God, why hast thou forsaken me" on the cross? (Zizek)
Should sex be preserved for procreation
Should education be run by the state?
Should we consider Sisyphus happy?
Is it easier to image the end of the world than it is to image the end of capitalism? (Jameson, Zizek)
Is wrongdoing a form of ignorance (Socrates)
"If God exists, then everything, including blowing up thousands of innocent bystanders, is permitted — at least to those who claim to act directly on behalf of God, since, clearly, a direct link to God justifies the violation of any merely human constraints and considerations." (Slavoj Žižek)
"The degree and kind of a man's sexuality reach up into the ultimate pinnacle of his spirit." (Nietzsche)
Does Philosophy remove from Religion all reason for existing? (Benedetto Croce)
"The beginning of wisdom is the ability to call things by their proper names." (Confucius)
Would the happy feeling you would get from Brave New World's Soma be true happiness?
“When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.” (Friedrich Nietzsche)
The rich, by unfair combinations, contribute frequently to prolong a season of distress among the poor. (Thomas Malthus)
As a solution to poverty and starvation, should the poor sell their infants as food for the rich? (Johnathen Swift)
Should the world engage in unilateral nuclear disarmament?
Should the discovery extraterestrial life be made confidential as to prevent global panic?
Were the pre-socratics the high point of philosophy? (Heidegger)
The most common form of despair is not being who you are. (Soren Kierkegaard)
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful. (Seneca)
Who looks outside dreams; who looks inside awakes (allegedly Carl Jung)
A tree cannot grow to reach the heavens without the roots growing to reach hell (allegedly Carl Jung)
The rarest of human qualities is consistency (Jeremy Bentham)
Any person capable of angering you becomes your master (Epictetus)
Ignore fact and reason, live entirely in the world of your own fantastic and myth-producing passions; do this whole-heartedly and with conviction, and you will become one of the prophets of your age. (B. Russell,source: https://fakenous.net/?cat=19 )
It is an essential part of European culture to dehumanize outgroups.
"Philosophy is indeed just the doctrine that is meant to liberate man from an infinite number of finite purposes and goals, and to make him indifferent to them such that it is indeed all the same to him whether such things are or not." (Hegel)
An underrated side effect of Tinder is the reintroduction of physiognomy back into the culture
"thinking…is no more and no less an organ of perception than the eye or ear. Just as the eye perceives colours and the ear sounds, so thinking perceives ideas." Occultist Rudolf Steiner on Goethe in Goethan Science (1883)
We often refuse to accept an idea merely because the tone of voice in which it has been expressed is unsympathetic to us. (Friedrich Nietzsche)
Is the industrial society in line with the Stoic conception of “living in accordance with nature”
Should religious practices be rooted in beliefs supported by reason?
Would you rather be a happy pig or an unhappy socrates?
Can you achieve societal change without using violence?
Can computers have subjective experiences?
Is non state political violence necessary?
The whole of Plato's Republic is an attack on egoism. (Abraham Edel)
Is living an art with impersonal rules of excellence or a competitive game of skill?
Is there a qualitative difference between art made for money and art made for its own sake?
Are we condemned to be free?
Is truth subjectivity?
Can we hold beliefs without evidence?
Is belief in God intellectually responsible?
Are memes a valid way to express serious points in philosophy?
It's more important to be nice than to be important.
Does chess strategy translate to the real world?
